paracidovorax avenae
acaryochloris marina
actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae
acinetobacter baylyi adp1
aeromonas hydrophila
aeropyrum pernix
agrobacterium tumefaciens
alcanivorax borkumensis
anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans
anaplasma marginale
anaplasma phagocytophilum
trichormus variabilis
aquifex aeolicus
paenarthrobacter aurescens
arcobacter butzleri
archaeoglobus fulgidus
aromatoleum aromaticum ebn1
bacillus anthracis
bacillus cereus
bacteroides fragilis
halalkalibacterium halodurans
bartonella henselae
bacillus licheniformis
bartonella quintana
bacillus subtilis
bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
bacillus thuringiensis
bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
bifidobacterium longum
bordetella bronchiseptica
borrelia burgdorferi
borrelia garinii
bordetella pertussis
brucella abortus
bradyrhizobium japonicum
brucella melitensis
brucella suis
buchnera aphidicola
buchnera aphidicola
burkholderia mallei
burkholderia pseudomallei
candidatus blochmannia vicinus
caulobacter crescentus
carboxydothermus hydrogenoformans
campylobacter jejuni
thermosynechococcus vestitus
caldivirga maquilingensis
candidatus pelagibacter ubique
chlamydia abortus
chloroflexus aurantiacus
chlamydophila caviae
chlamydia trachomatis
chlamydia pneumoniae
chlorobaculum tepidum
chlamydia trachomatis
chromobacterium violaceum
clostridium acetobutylicum
clostridium perfringens
clostridium tetani
coxiella burnetii
corynebacterium glutamicum
colwellia psychrerythraea
delftia acidovorans
dehalococcoides mccartyi
desulfotalea psychrophila
deinococcus radiodurans
desulforamulus reducens
nitratidesulfovibrio vulgaris
dinoroseobacter shibae
ehrlichia canis
ehrlichia chaffeensis
enterococcus faecalis
cronobacter sakazakii
erwinia carotovora
escherichia coli
francisella tularensis
fusobacterium nucleatum
geobacter sulfurreducens
gluconobacter oxydans
gloeobacter violaceus
christiangramia forsetii
[Haemophilus] ducreyi
haemophilus influenzae
haloarcula marismortui
halobacterium salinarum
haloquadratum walsbyi
helicobacter hepaticus
helicobacter pylori
hyperthermus butylicus
ignicoccus hospitalis
helicobacter hepaticus
helicobacter pylori
hyperthermus butylicus
ignicoccus hospitalis
lactobacillus acidophilus
lactobacillus johnsonii
lactococcus lactis
lactiplantibacillus plantarum
leptospira interrogans
legionella pneumophila
leifsonia xyli
listeria innocua
listeria monocytogenes
[Mannheimia] succiniciproducens
methanosarcina barkeri
methanococcoides burtonii
methylococcus capsulatus
methylorubrum extorquens
methylobacillus flagellatus
methanocaldococcus jannaschii
methanopyrus kandleri
mesorhizobium loti
methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus
moorella thermoacetica
mycobacterium avium
mycoplasma capricolum
mycoplasma gallisepticum
mycoplasma genitalium
mycoplasma hyopneumoniae
mycobacterium leprae
[Mycoplasma] mobile
mycoplasma mycoides
mycoplasma pneumoniae
mycoplasma pulmonis
mycobacterium tuberculosis
myxococcus xanthus
neisseria gonorrhoeae
neisseria meningitidis
nitrosomonas europaea
nitrobacter winogradskyi
nocardia farcinica
oenococcus oeni
paracoccus denitrificans
pasteurella multocida
petrotoga mobilis
photorhabdus luminescens
photobacterium profundum
picrophilus oshimae
porphyromonas gingivalis
propionibacterium acnes
prochlorococcus marinus
pseudomonas aeruginosa
pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis
psychromonas ingrahamii
pseudomonas putida
pseudomonas syringae
pyrococcus abyssi
pyrobaculum aerophilum
pyrobaculum arsenaticum
pyrococcus furiosus
pyrococcus horikoshii
ralstonia solanacearum
rhodoferax ferrireducens
rhodopseudomonas palustris
rhodospirillum rubrum
cereibacter sphaeroides
rickettsia conorii
rickettsia prowazekii
rickettsia typhi
rubrobacter xylanophilus
salinibacter ruber
salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar typhimurium str. lt2
shewanella oneidensis
sinorhizobium meliloti
silicibacter pomeroyi
sorangium cellulosum
sodalis glossinidius
sphingopyxis alaskensis
streptococcus agalactiae
staphylococcus aureus
staphylococcus epidermidis
staphylothermus marinus
streptococcus mutans
streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus pyogenes
streptococcus thermophilus
sulfolobus acidocaldarius
saccharolobus solfataricus
sulfurisphaera tokodaii
syntrophus aciditrophicus
synechococcus elongatus
syntrophobacter fumaroxidans
symbiobacterium thermophilum
thermoplasma acidophilum
hydrogenovibrio crunogenus
thermotoga maritima
caldanaerobacter subterraneus subsp. tengcongensis
thermus thermophilus
thermoplasma volcanium
treponema denticola
treponema pallidum
tropheryma whipplei
ureaplasma urealyticum
vibrio cholerae
vibrio fischeri
vibrio parahaemolyticus
vibrio vulnificus
wigglesworthia glossinidia
wolbachia endosymbiont strain trs of brugia malayi
wolinella succinogenes
xanthomonas axonopodis
xanthomonas campestris
xanthomonas oryzae
xylella fastidiosa
yersinia pestis
yersinia pseudotuberculosis
zymomonas mobilis
