succinivibrionaceae bacterium
thermoflexus hugenholtzii
oceanospirillales bacterium
verrucomicrobia bacterium
thaumarchaeota archaeon
euryarchaeota archaeon
chloroflexi bacterium
proteobacteria bacterium
planctomycetes bacterium
spirochaetes bacterium
crenarchaeota archaeon
firmicutes bacterium
synergistetes bacterium
zeta proteobacterium
caldiserica bacterium
aerophobetes bacterium
aerophobus bacterium
nanoarchaeota archaeon
aenigmarchaeota archaeon
diapherotrites archaeon
fervidibacteria bacterium
parcubacteria bacterium
cloacimonetes bacterium
hydrogenedentes bacterium
acetothermia bacterium
armatimonadetes bacterium
microgenomates bacterium
omnitrophica bacterium
aminicenantes bacterium
atribacteria bacterium
aigarchaeota archaeon
marinimicrobia bacterium
latescibacteria bacterium
poribacteria bacterium
gracilibacteria bacterium
lactobacillus reuteri
treponema pallidum
dinoroseobacter shibae
burkholderia silvatlantica
burkholderia unamae
palaeococcus ferrophilus
dethiosulfovibrio peptidovorans
shewanella benthica
photobacterium profundum
pseudomonas aeruginosa
chlorobaculum limnaeum
ornithobacterium rhinotracheale
desulfonispora thiosulfatigenes
aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans
actinomyces naeslundii
thermus brockianus
vibrio cholerae
chromatiales bacterium
solemya velum
prosthecomicrobium hirschii
desulfosarcina variabilis
desulfonema limicola
hymenobacter roseosalivarius
vibrio navarrensis
pontibacter actiniarum
aminomonas paucivorans
methanosalsum zhilinae
metallosphaera archaeon
vibrio vulnificus
staphylococcus aureus
streptomyces clavuligerus
clostridium tetani
desulfatibacillum alkenivorans
desulfurococcales archaeon
sphaerotilus natans
mesorhizobium opportunistum
clostridium pasteurianum
haemophilus ducreyi
bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
planktothrix agardhii
bacillus coagulans
crocosphaera watsonii
comamonadaceae bacterium
cyanobacterium stanieri
lactobacillus acidophilus
brucella abortus
pseudothermotoga thermarum
mahella australiensis
escherichia coli
coriobacterium glomerans
thermanaeromonas toyohensis
chroococcidiopsis thermalis
thermoanaerobacter ethanolicus
pseudomonas fluorescens
bacillus cereus
hyphomicrobium sulfonivorans
desulfococcus oleovorans
clostridium ragsdalei
fluviicola taffensis
cyanobacterium aponinum
acinetobacter isolate
desulfovibrio africanus
stanieria cyanosphaera
bacillus subtilis
bifidobacterium longum
prevotella multisaccharivorax
bacteroides vulgatus
bacillus simplex
sphaerochaeta coccoides
sphingobium chlorophenolicum
staphylococcus epidermidis
bankia setacea
polynucleobacter necessarius
oscillatoria nigro
granulicella mallensis
bacteroides coprosuis
peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus
anabaena cylindrica
hippea maritima
archaeoglobus veneficus
desulfobacca acetoxidans
acidilobus sulfurireducens
selenomonas sputigena
treponema succinifaciens
marinithermus hydrothermalis
rhodoluna lacicola
xylella fastidiosa
crinalium epipsammum
acinetobacter baumannii
francisella tularensis
haliscomenobacter hydrossis
thermodesulfobium narugense
ruegeria mobilis
geoarchaeota archaeon
porphyromonas asaccharolytica
francisella philomiragia
francisella novicida
francisella hispaniensis
francisella noatunensis
piscirickettsia salmonis
fangia hongkongiensis
lactobacillus buchneri
streptomyces cattleya
thermoanaerobacter wiegelii
methylomonas methanica
ochrobactrum intermedium
isoptericola variabilis
salmonella enterica
microcoleus vaginatus
pseudoalteromonas flavipulchra
pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea
lactobacillus brevis
lactobacillus paracasei
lactobacillus plantarum
caldicellulosiruptor kristjanssonii
thermodesulfatator indicus
thermovirga lienii
agrobacterium rhizogenes
pseudomonas syringae
pseudomonas avellanae
pyrolobus fumarii
treponema caldaria
muricauda ruestringensis
flexistipes sinusarabici
thioalkalimicrobium cyclicum
cellulomonas gilvus
runella slithyformis
rubrobacter radiotolerans
cellulosimicrobium cellulans
cupriavidus gilardii
gordonia westfalica
micrococcus luteus
pseudoxanthomonas taiwanensis
rhodococcus rhodochrous
methanocella arvoryzae
methanocella paludicola
thermus thermophilus
rhodothermus marinus
pseudomonas fulva
pseudomonas agarici
cellulomonas fimi
desulfotomaculum carboxydivorans
acidobacterium strain
marinomonas mediterranea
marinomonas posidonica
sulfobacillus thermosulfidooxidans
porphyromonas gingivalis
planktothrix prolifica
spirochaeta thermophila
cyclobacterium marinum
methanoplanus limicola
emticicia oligotrophica
caldicellulosiruptor lactoaceticus
stenotrophomonas maltophilia
leptothrix ochracea
serratia plymuthica
spirulina subsalsa
thermodesulfobacterium geofontis
turneriella parva
spirulina major
sulfobacillus acidophilus
niastella koreensis
mucilaginibacter paludis
dechloromonas agitata
moorella perchloratireducens
halopiger xanaduensis
enterobacter cloacae
rahnella aquatilis
methanotorris formicicus
thioalkalivibrio paradoxus
natronococcus occultus
leptotrichia goodfellowii
aquiflexum balticum
thiothrix nivea
myroides odoratus
oceanimonas doudoroffii
niabella soli
halovivax ruber
leptonema illini
frankia symbiont
mycobacterium chubuense
pseudomonas viridiflava
caldibacillus debilis
brenneria salicis
hyphomicrobium denitrificans
mycobacterium rhodesiae
halohasta litchfieldiae
gillisia limnaea
thioflavicoccus mobilis
mycobacterium smegmatis
desulfosporosinus acidiphilus
thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum
thioalkalimicrobium aerophilum
sulfurospirillum barnesii
methanofollis liminatans
fervidobacterium pennivorans
pseudomonas stutzeri
desulfitobacterium dichloroeliminans
desulfitobacterium metallireducens
haladaptatus paucihalophilus
lactobacillus helveticus
methylobacterium extorquens
scytonema hofmanni
desulfotomaculum nigrificans
methylosinus trichosporium
desulfitobacterium dehalogenans
shewanella baltica
arthrospira platensis
flavobacteria bacterium
clostridium clariflavum
enterobacteriaceae bacterium
promicromonospora kroppenstedtii
rhizobium leguminosarum
dechlorobacter hydrogenophilus
desulfosporosinus youngiae
desulfotomaculum gibsoniae
acidovorax temperans
methylomicrobium album
cyanobium gracile
saccharomonospora marina
saccharomonospora cyanea
haloferax denitrificans
haloarcula californiae
haloarcula sinaiiensis
haloarcula vallismortis
haloferax mediterranei
haloferax mucosum
desulfobacter postgatei
bordetella petrii
paracoccus pantotrophus
bacillus ginsengihumi
desulfovibrio termitidis
saccharomonospora azurea
thermus oshimai
azospira suillum
beggiatoa alba
metallosphaera yellowstonensis
microvirga lupini
thiocystis violascens
mycobacterium tusciae
methylocaldum szegediense
thermanaerovibrio velox
thermobacillus composti
sphaerochaeta pleomorpha
serratia proteamaculans
oscillatoria formosa
owenweeksia hongkongensis
jonquetella anthropi
methanoregula formicica
thiocapsa marina
ectothiorhodospira haloalkaliphila
herpetosiphon aurantiacus
microvirga lotononidis
deinococcus pimensis
pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis
saccharomonospora glauca
marinitoga piezophila
burkholderia dilworthii
desulfosporosinus orientis
porphyra umbilicalis
eubacterium cellulosolvens
pseudomonas thermotolerans
mesorhizobium ciceri
echinicola vietnamensis
mesorhizobium australicum
alkaliflexus imshenetskii
thermoanaerobacter siderophilus
joostella marina
oscillatoria acuminata
xylanibacter oryzae
thiorhodospira sibirica
geobacillus thermoglucosidans
lactococcus lactis
burkholderia cepacia
saccharomonospora xinjiangensis
treponema saccharophilum
dactylococcopsis salina
spirochaeta africana
belliella baltica
flexibacter litoralis
solitalea canadensis
aequorivita sublithincola
deinococcus hopiensis
deinococcus peraridilitoris
prevotella dentalis
barnesiella viscericola
singulisphaera acidiphila
methanomethylovorans hollandica
anaerobaculum mobile
halobacteroides halobius
desulfomonile tiedjei
rikenella microfusus
cylindrospermum stagnale
nodosilinea nodulosa
holophaga foetida
thermaerobacter subterraneus
leptolyngbya boryana
alistipes finegoldii
prevotella bivia
chlorogloeopsis fritschii
saccharicrinis fermentans
flectobacillus major
jiangella gansuensis
enterococcus faecium
syntrophorhabdus aromaticivorans
geminocystis herdmanii
natrinema pellirubrum
halonatronum saccharophilum
clostridium alkalicellulosi
arsenophonus triatominarum
arsenophonus melophagi
thiorhodococcus drewsii
dehalobacter restrictus
phaeobacter gallaeciensis
meiothermus chliarophilus
oligotropha carboxidovorans
roseobacter litoralis
desulfosporosinus meridiei
burkholderia sprentiae
methylocapsa acidiphila
marichromatium purpuratum
halostagnicola larsenii
cloacibacillus evryensis
pseudomonas brassicacearum
ensifer meliloti
pseudomonas oleovorans
actinospica robiniae
patulibacter minatonensis
cryptosporangium arvum
caldanaerobius polysaccharolyticus
mesotoga prima
carboxydothermus ferrireducens
lactobacillus casei
chamaesiphon minutus
acidithiobacillus ferrivorans
shewanella putrefaciens
saccharomonospora paurometabolica
arthrobacter nitroguajacolicus
ideonella dechloratans
shewanella algae
dechloromarinus chlorophilus
propionivibrio militaris
natronobacterium gregoryi
prochloron didemni
octadecabacter antarcticus
acetivibrio cellulolyticus
acidithiobacillus thiooxidans
enterococcus faecalis
lachnospiraceae bacterium
terriglobus roseus
teredinibacter turnerae
microcystis aeruginosa
mycobacterium abscessus
adhaeribacter aquaticus
pelagibacterium halotolerans
corynebacterium diphtheriae
xanthomonas axonopodis
rickettsia slovaca
rickettsia japonica
propionibacterium acnes
corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis
haloarcula hispanica
micavibrio aeruginosavorus
mycobacterium tuberculosis
megasphaera elsdenii
serratia symbiotica
filifactor alocis
paenibacillus terrae
glaciecola nitratireducens
kitasatospora setae
brucella canis
listeria ivanovii
lactococcus garvieae
acidaminococcus intestini
methanococcus maripaludis
corynebacterium variabile
tetragenococcus halophilus
lactobacillus sanfranciscensis
bacillus amyloliquefaciens
brucella suis
geobacillus thermoleovorans
flavobacterium columnare
streptococcus pseudopneumoniae
klebsiella oxytoca
taylorella asinigenitalis
roseburia hominis
oscillibacter valericigenes
wigglesworthia glossinidia
xanthomonas campestris
streptococcus pyogenes
helicobacter pylori
alicyclobacillus acidocaldarius
leuconostoc mesenteroides
yersinia pestis
legionella pneumophila
mycobacterium bovis
streptococcus equi
pantoea ananatis
bacillus megaterium
rhodospirillum rubrum
streptococcus suis
leptospira interrogans
pediococcus claussenii
nocardia cyriacigeorgica
listeria monocytogenes
brucella pinnipedialis
amycolatopsis mediterranei
arcobacter butzleri
lactobacillus rhamnosus
ketogulonicigenium vulgare
paracoccus denitrificans
klebsiella pneumoniae
brachyspira intermedia
bradyrhizobium japonicum
brucella melitensis
methanosaeta harundinacea
azospirillum lipoferum
azospirillum brasilense
acetobacter tropicalis
pseudomonas chlororaphis
pyrobaculum yellowstonensis
burkholderia tuberum
bifidobacteria adolescentis
tannerella forsythia
streptococcus infantarius
pyrobaculum oguniense
propionibacterium granulosum
corynebacterium mucifaciens
anaerococcus octavius
corynebacterium appendicis
flavobacterium lindanitolerans
clostridium difficile
gordonia alkanivorans
haemophilus haemolyticus
haemophilus pittmaniae
mycoplasma anatis
mycoplasma columbinum
sporosarcina newyorkensis
streptococcus constellatus
streptococcus criceti
streptococcus ictaluri
streptococcus macacae
streptococcus urinalis
vibrio ichthyoenteri
vibrio nigripulchritudo
vibrio scophthalmi
vibrio tubiashii
desulfococcus biacutus
ensifer arboris
phaeobacter caeruleus
arsenophonus nasoniae
octadecabacter arcticus
amycolatopsis thermoflava
amycolatopsis halophila
methylophilaceae bacterium
rickettsia massiliae
rickettsia rickettsii
rickettsia canadensis
saprospira grandis
blastococcus saxobsidens
paenibacillus mucilaginosus
mycobacterium intracellulare
rickettsia philipii
rickettsia prowazekii
methanocella conradii
rickettsia typhi
rickettsia australis
streptococcus pneumoniae
rickettsia parkeri
rickettsia rhipicephali
rickettsia montanensis
deinococcus gobiensis
pasteurella multocida
corallococcus coralloides
riemerella anatipestifer
pseudomonas cannabina
haloquadratum walsbyi
thermocrinis ruber
rhodobacter sphaeroides
mesorhizobium loti
ensifer medicae
streptococcus uberis
desulfitobacterium hafniense
shimwellia blattae
bacteroides ovatus
bacteroides xylanisolvens
bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
nitriliruptor alkaliphilus
nitrosopumilus maritimus
caldilinea aerophila
dolichospermum circinale
marinovum algicola
lactobacillus kunkeei
burkholderia mimosarum
azorhizobium doebereinerae
rhizobium mesoamericanum
bradyrhizobium elkanii
flavobacterium antarcticum
massilia alkalitolerans
budvicia aquatica
ignatzschineria larvae
alicyclobacillus pomorum
propionibacterium acidipropionici
thermocrispum municipale
glycomyces tenuis
corynebacterium sputi
thermocrispum agreste
capnocytophaga cynodegmi
nitritalea halalkaliphila
rhizobium sullae
rhizobium mongolense
cupriavidus taiwanensis
acetobacterium dehalogenans
sedimenticola selenatireducens
mariprofundus ferrooxydans
rhizobium giardinii
bifidobacterium breve
bifidobacterium bifidum
bifidobacterium asteroides
helicobacter cetorum
actinoplanes missouriensis
xanthomonas oryzae
providencia stuartii
caldisericum exile
halobacillus halophilus
gluconacetobacter xylinus
rubrivivax gelatinosus
rhodospirillum photometricum
selenomonas ruminantium
bacillus anthracis
ignavibacterium album
burkholderia pseudomallei
bifidobacterium animalis
streptococcus parasanguinis
bartonella birtlesii
mobilicoccus pelagius
prevotella oulorum
bizionia argentinensis
citrobacter freundii
peptostreptococcaceae bacterium
neisseria shayeganii
staphylococcus simiae
johnsonella ignava
clostridium hathewayi
pseudomonas psychrotolerans
alistipes indistinctus
flavobacterium frigoris
odoribacter laneus
flavobacteriaceae bacterium
wolbachia endosymbiont
rothia aeria
wolbachia pipientis
lactobacillus parafarraginis
flavonifractor plautii
acetobacteraceae bacterium
rhodococcus imtechensis
paenibacillus dendritiformis
ornithinibacillus scapharcae
anaeroglobus geminatus
peptoniphilus indolicus
lactobacillus mucosae
lactobacillus versmoldensis
lactobacillus acidipiscis
mesorhizobium amorphae
mycoplasma iowae
cardiobacterium valvarum
haemophilus parainfluenzae
prevotella micans
alloprevotella rava
enterococcus saccharolyticus
clostridium clostridioforme
selenomonas infelix
prevotella stercorea
gordonia terrae
gordonia sputi
achromobacter arsenitoxydans
fusobacterium necrophorum
myroides odoratimimus
erysipelotrichaceae bacterium
roseomonas cervicalis
marinobacter manganoxydans
commensalibacter intestini
cupriavidus basilensis
dolosigranulum pigrum
dorea formicigenerans
collinsella tanakaei
vibrio ordalii
lactobacillus kisonensis
dialister succinatiphilus
prevotella maculosa
mesorhizobium alhagi
mycoplasma canis
pantoea strewartii
alishewanella jeotgali
helcococcus kunzii
facklamia languida
clostridium citroniae
lactobacillus mali
lactobacillus suebicus
lactobacillus malefermentans
sutterella parvirubra
nocardia brasiliensis
actinomyces graevenitzii
hafnia alvei
lactobacillus zeae
sporolactobacillus inulinus
eubacterium infirmum
bacillus smithii
rhodococcus pyridinivorans
propionibacterium avidum
paraprevotella clara
prevotella histicola
neisseria wadsworthii
gluconobacter morbifer
thermococcus litoralis
megamonas funiformis
nitratireductor aquibiodomus
xanthomonas albilineans
escherichia hermannii
gallibacterium anatis
desulfocapsa thiozymogenes
ensifer fredii
gordonia amarae
gordonia otitidis
methanolobus tindarius
amycolatopsis nigrescens
moorea bouillonii
desulfotignum phosphitoxidans
streptococcus merionis
longispora albida
mycobacterium hassiacum
streptococcus massiliensis
corynebacterium ciconiae
actinomycetospora chiangmaiensis
catelliglobosispora koreensis
corynebacterium lubricantis
streptococcus marimammalium
thiothrix disciformis
oligella urethralis
streptococcus entericus
streptococcus ferus
streptococcus ovis
butyricimonas synergistica
olivibacter sitiensis
streptococcus didelphis
corynebacterium doosanense
lewinella cohaerens
enterococcus cecorum
amycolatopsis taiwanensis
streptococcus caballi
anaerophaga thermohalophila
advenella kashmirensis
corynebacterium caspium
francisella cantonensis
corynebacterium ulceribovis
lewinella persica
leptotrichia shahii
prevotella paludivivens
dasania marina
bacteroides massiliensis
novosphingobium nitrogenifigens
thiobacillus thioparus
asticcacaulis benevestitus
thiobacillus denitrificans
martelella mediterranea
meiothermus timidus
marinobacter lipolyticus
echinicola pacifica
pontibacter roseus
dysgonomonas mossii
enterococcus columbae
salinispora arenicola
streptococcus anginosus
spirochaeta alkalica
desulfurispora thermophila
salinispora tropica
streptococcus orisratti
porphyromonas somerae
porphyromonas levii
thiothrix flexilis
lamprocystis purpurea
fangia hongkongensis
leptotrichia wadei
salinispora pacifica
kiloniella laminariae
corynebacterium mastitidis
streptococcus mutans
spirosoma luteum
rhizobium gallicum
aureimonas ureilytica
oenococcus oeni
kribbella catacumbae
nonomuraea coxensis
streptomyces vitaminophilus
sciscionella marina
shimazuella kribbensis
flexithrix dorotheae
cytophaga aurantiaca
moraxella boevrei
spirosoma spitsbergense
balneola vulgaris
corynebacterium pilosum
oligella ureolytica
actinopolymorpha alba
corynebacterium propinquum
desulfovibrio oxyclinae
gracilimonas tropica
endozoicomonas elysicola
uliginosibacterium gangwonense
legionella shakespearei
spirosoma panaciterrae
thermus igniterrae
prevotella intermedia
desulfobacter curvatus
niabella aurantiaca
blautia producta
burkholderia nodosa
wenxinia marina
pasteurella pneumotropica
streptococcus thoraltensis
meganema perideroedes
clostridium glycolicum
methyloversatilis universalis
erysipelothrix tonsillarum
kangiella aquimarina
campylobacter jejuni
campylobacter coli
streptococcus salivarius
pontibacter kolensis
agrobacterium albertimagni
achromobacter piechaudii
segetibacter koreensis
clostridium beijerinckii
methylotenera versatilis
gordonia polyisoprenivorans
orenia marismortui
sphingomonas phyllosphaerae
allobaculum stercoricanis
actinopolyspora mortivallis
blastochloris viridis
rhodopseudomonas palustris
pseudomonas monteilii
sphaerisporangium cinnabarinum
marinobacter salsuginis
janthinobacterium lividum
anabaena circinalis
indibacter alkaliphilus
sporichthya polymorpha
acetobacter aceti
rhodovibrio salinarum
methylovulum miyakonense
methyloferula stellata
halomicrobium katesii
methylomicrobium buryatense
haloglycomyces albus
sphingomonas melonis
thermacetogenium phaeum
bacteroides propionicifaciens
porphyromonas bennonis
kordiimonas gwangyangensis
acinetobacter bouvetii
salisaeta longa
geminicoccus roseus
leucothrix mucor
rudanella lutea
melioribacter roseus
taylorella equigenitalis
mycobacterium massiliense
corynebacterium ulcerans
pyrococcus furiosus
rhodocyclaceae bacterium
mastigocladopsis repens
succinispira mobilis
methylosarcina lacus
serratia marcescens
amycolatopsis benzoatilytica
methylotenera mobilis
natronorubrum tibetense
actinopolyspora halophila
thermoanaerobacter indiensis
methylocystis rosea
haloplanus natans
methylobacter luteus
methylobacterium marinus
staphylococcus massiliensis
riemerella columbina
loktanella hongkongensis
pseudomonas psychrophila
anaerobaculum hydrogeniformans
methylosarcina fibrata
thioalkalivibrio versutus
wohlfahrtiimonas chitiniclastica
rothia mucilaginosa
lactobacillus murinus
planctomyces maris
hyphomicrobium hollandicum
thermosipho africanus
filamentous cyanobacterium
chloroflexi genomosp
rhodonellum psychrophilum
synechococcus leopoliensis
bacteroides barnesiae
ahrensia kielensis
chitiniphilus shinanonensis
acaricomes phytoseiuli
amorphus coralli
bacillus fordii
paenibacillus sanguinis
paenibacillus terrigena
thermoplasmatales archaeon
paenibacillus massiliensis
mannheimia haemolytica
mannheimia glucosida
alistipes onderdonkii
corynebacterium capitovis
thermoanaerobacter thermohydrosulfuricus
pseudomonas umsongensis
salsuginibacillus kocurii
halomonas zhanjiangensis
prevotella oris
prevotella veroralis
campylobacter ureolyticus
amycolatopsis methanolica
acinetobacter tjernbergiae
thiomicrospira halophila
variovorax paradoxus
campylobacter curvus
pseudomonas synxantha
aeromonas hydrophila
photorhabdus temperata
lactobacillus salivarius
pelobacter carbinolicus
brevibacillus laterosporus
allofustis seminis
roseovarius mucosus
ralstonia solanacearum
propionibacterium jensenii
actinokineospora enzanensis
streptococcus agalactiae
anaeromusa acidaminophila
brachymonas chironomi
halophilic archaeon
uncultured archaeon
lactobacillus gasseri
lactobacillus ruminis
lactobacillus saerimneri
shewanella amazonensis
bibersteinia trehalosi
pectobacterium carotovorum
chlamydia psittaci
methanoflorens stordalenmirensis
bartonella quintana
streptococcus thermophilus
pseudomonas putida
nocardiopsis alba
bacillus thuringiensis
burkholderia phenoliruptrix
methanomassiliicoccus luminyensis
azoarcus toluclasticus
desulfovibrio desulfuricans
duganella zoogloeoides
methylophilus methylotrophus
spirochaeta bajacaliforniensis
salinimonas chungwhensis
porphyromonas gulae
prevotella loescheii
marinobacterium rhizophilum
rubritalea marina
saccharibacter floricola
saccharibacillus kuerlensis
streptococcus henryi
streptomyces sulphureus
halomonas lutea
proteiniphilum acetatigenes
psychroflexus tropicus
thermus scotoductus
prevotella amnii
megasphaera cerevisiae
sporolactobacillus vineae
selenomonas bovis
zymophilus raffinosivorans
actinomadura flavalba
alicyclobacillus pohliae
deinococcus apachensis
croceibacter atlanticus
henriciella marina
burkholderia glumae
leptospira borgpetersenii
weissella confusa
mycobacterium thermoresistibile
simiduia agarivorans
methanolobus psychrophilus
exiguobacterium antarcticum
leptospirillum ferriphilum
thermoanaerobacterium saccharolyticum
brachyspira pilosicoli
tistrella mobilis
cronobacter sakazakii
mycoplasma agalactiae
lactobacillus parabrevis
curvibacter lanceolatus
streptococcus minor
flavobacterium rivuli
smaragdicoccus niigatensis
methanothermococcus thermolithotrophicus
gilvimarinus chinensis
paenibacillus daejeonensis
gracilibacillus lacisalsi
caldimonas manganoxidans
alloscardovia criceti
rudaea cellulosilytica
xanthobacteraceae bacterium
hirschia maritima
leuconostoc gelidum
leuconostoc carnosum
alicyclobacillus hesperidum
lactobacillus florum
leptospira kirschneri
streptococcus intermedius
arthrobacter globiformis
gordonia araii
caenispirillum salinarum
bacillus alcalophilus
clostridium botulinum
idiomarina xiamenensis
acinetobacter nosocomialis
celeribacter baekdonensis
salimicrobium jeotgali
staphylococcus arlettae
oceaniovalibus guishaninsula
nitratireductor pacificus
cecembia lonarensis
aeromonas media
pseudomonas mendocina
neisseria weaveri
catellicoccus marimammalium
nitratireductor indicus
nitrolancetus hollandicus
fusobacterium russii
paenibacillus fonticola
microbulbifer variabilis
novispirillum itersonii
oceanimonas smirnovii
salinicoccus albus
pseudoalteromonas piscicida
thioalkalivibrio thiocyanoxidans
clostridium sporosphaeroides
actinomadura atramentaria
acidobacteriaceae bacterium
bacillus acidiproducens
peptostreptococcus anaerobius
gordonia kroppenstedtii
algicola sagamiensis
arhodomonas aquaeolei
bacteroides gallinarum
cohnella laeviribosi
deinococcus aquatilis
elioraea tepidiphila
eubacterium siraeum
hahella ganghwensis
leeia oryzae
megamonas rupellensis
peptoniphilus lacrimalis
amphritea japonica
brachyspira hyodysenteriae
brachyspira innocens
moritella marina
mycoplasma hominis
mycoplasma synoviae
psychromonas ossibalaenae
thermobrachium celere
methanobacterium formicicum
moraxella catarrhalis
bacillus isronensis
mycobacterium fortuitum
fusobacterium nucleatum
bartonella bacilliformis
lysinibacillus fusiformis
actinobacillus capsulatus
pediococcus acidilactici
bartonella doshiae
bartonella taylorii
bartonella alsatica
bartonella washoensis
leptospira santarosai
bartonella vinsonii
bartonella melophagi
agrobacterium tumefaciens
streptococcus mitis
leptospira licerasiae
bacillus licheniformis
bartonella tamiae
demetria terragena
leisingera nanhaiensis
neisseria meningitidis
hydrocarboniphaga effusa
shewanella loihica
microbacterium paraoxydans
kaistia granuli
leisingera aquimarina
phaeobacter daeponensis
burkholderia bryophila
hymenobacter aerophilus
kushneria aurantia
loktanella vestfoldensis
massilia niastensis
pannonibacter phragmitetus
streptomyces canus
psychrobacter lutiphocae
rheinheimera perlucida
solimonas variicoloris
vitreoscilla stercoraria
pseudomonas mandelii
empedobacter brevis
paenibacillus ginsengihumi
colwellia piezophila
salinicoccus carnicancri
alteromonas macleodii
liberibacter crescens
alcanivorax dieselolei
thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens
hyphomicrobium zavarzinii
actinobacillus suis
myxococcus stipitatus
mycobacterium indicus
mycoplasma bovis
lawsonia intracellularis
enterococcus hirae
streptococcus dysgalactiae
streptococcus pseudoporcinus
zimmermannella faecalis
oxalobacteraceae bacterium
caulobacter crescentus
woodsholea maritima
archaeoglobus sulfaticallidus
ralstonia pickettii
robiginitomaculum antarcticum
succinimonas amylolytica
cylindrospermopsis raciborskii
arthrobacter nicotinovorans
bacillus flexus
salinimicrobium terrae
tetragenococcus muriaticus
haemophilus parasuis
clostridium stercorarium
dyadobacter beijingensis
myxococcus xanthus
geopsychrobacter electrodiphilus
coprothermobacter platensis
bacillus aidingensis
eggerthia catenaformis
klebsiella pneumonia
thiomicrospira arctica
promicromonospora sukumoe
sulfolobales str
granulicoccus phenolivorans
acetobacter nitrogenifigens
azospirillum halopraeferens
corynebacterium callunae
desulfatibacillum aliphaticivorans
ferrimonas futtsuensis
flavobacterium soli
yersinia enterocolitica
mycobacterium xenopi
mycobacterium phlei
legionella moravica
marinobacterium litorale
meiothermus rufus
pseudonocardia asaccharolytica
salinarimonas rosea
streptococcus plurextorum
streptomyces flavidovirens
thermus antranikianii
conexibacter woesei
eudoraea adriatica
weissella halotolerans
myroides injenensis
mycoplasma arginini
veillonella magna
algoriphagus vanfongensis
actinomyces georgiae
arenibacter certesii
lactobacillus ceti
desulfovibrio cuneatus
desulfovibrio gigas
desulfovibrio putealis
sandarakinorhabdus limnophila
gordonia aichiensis
gordonia amicalis
gordonia effusa
gordonia malaquae
gordonia namibiensis
gordonia paraffinivorans
gordonia rhizosphera
gordonia rubripertincta
gordonia sihwensis
gordonia soli
thalassobaculum salexigens
nevskia ramosa
pedobacter oryzae
actinomyces suimastitidis
atopobium fossor
desulforegula conservatrix
gelidibacter mesophilus
geothrix fermentans
mesonia mobilis
algoriphagus terrigena
oceanobacter kriegii
oceanospirillum maris
pleomorphomonas oryzae
porphyrobacter cryptus
propionibacterium thoenii
propionicicella superfundia
paenibacillus larvae
desulfospira joergensenii
gastranaerophilus phascolarctosicola
desulfovibrio longus
actinomyces vaccimaxillae
sporosarcina ureae
terrimonas ferruginea
tenacibaculum ovolyticum
actinomadura rifamycini
hamadaea tsunoensis
pseudomonas cremoricolorata
glycomyces arizonensis
chryseobacterium daeguense
novosphingobium acidiphilum
bavariicoccus seileri
desulfovibrio hydrothermalis
flexibacter roseolus
nocardioides halotolerans
streptococcus porci
aliagarivorans marinus
thermomonas fusca
pseudomonas vranovensis
melitea salexigens
pseudomonas parafulva
chryseobacterium gregarium
jeotgalicoccus marinus
flavobacterium frigidarium
alicyclobacillus herbarius
algoriphagus mannitolivorans
thermithiobacillus tepidarius
propionimicrobium lymphophilum
nesiotobacter exalbescens
aurantimonas coralicida
microbacterium indicum
haliea salexigens
pseudomonas azotifigens
pseudomonas taiwanensis
proteocatella sphenisci
pedobacter glucosidilyticus
flavobacterium denitrificans
gemella cuniculi
thermodesulfatator atlanticus
gryllotalpicola ginsengisoli
oceanicaulis alexandrii
humibacter albus
dermatophilus congolensis
rheinheimera baltica
rubrivivax benzoatilyticus
acholeplasma axanthum
mycoplasma orale
rubellimicrobium mesophilum
thermonema rossianum
actinomyces dentalis
alloscardovia omnicolens
aestuariimicrobium kwangyangense
fodinicurvata sediminis
clostridium tyrobutyricum
desulfobulbus mediterraneus
flavobacterium filum
flavobacterium gelidilacus
lactobacillus harbinensis
inquilinus limosus
megamonas hypermegale
ottowia thiooxydans
sediminimonas qiaohouensis
streptococcus castoreus
ferrimonas senticii
flavobacterium daejeonense
fictibacillus gelatini
paenibacillus harenae
thermodesulfobacterium thermophilum
pleomorphomonas koreensis
aquimarina latercula
pseudoduganella violaceinigra
lactobacillus psittaci
prevotella corporis
neptunomonas japonica
algoriphagus marincola
prevotella timonensis
desulfovibrio zosterae
chryseobacterium palustre
thermodesulfovibrio thiophilus
halobacillus kuroshimensis
oceanospirillum beijerinckii
aquimarina muelleri
ferrimonas kyonanensis
marinimicrobium agarilyticum
aequorivita capsosiphonis
paenibacillus assamensis
paenibacillus pasadenensis
methanobrevibacter ruminantium
enterorhabdus mucosicola
paenibacillus pinihumi
psychroserpens burtonensis
salinimicrobium xinjiangense
actinomyces gerencseriae
flavobacterium tegetincola
bifidobacterium tsurumiense
thermodesulfobacterium hveragerdense
alicyclobacillus contaminans
alcaligenes faecalis
desulfatirhabdium butyrativorans
desulfotomaculum alcoholivorax
solirubrobacter soli
agrococcus lahaulensis
agromyces italicus
tepidiphilus margaritifer
azonexus hydrophilus
halalkalibacillus halophilus
pseudorhodobacter ferrugineus
lactobacillus rossiae
conchiformibius kuhniae
desulfomicrobium escambiense
desulfovibrio bastinii
atopococcus tabaci
desulfovirgula thermocuniculi
paludibacterium yongneupense
dyadobacter alkalitolerans
laribacter hongkongensis
corynebacterium massiliense
actinomyces neuii
glaciecola pallidula
cohnella thermotolerans
kineosphaera limosa
bacillus azotoformans
bacillus macauensis
brevibacillus agri
caloramator australicus
rubidibacter lacunae
agromyces subbeticus
lacticigenium naphtae
pontibacillus marinus
sulfolobus acidocaldarius
corynebacterium halotolerans
rhizobium tropici
clostridium celatum
mesoflavibacter zeaxanthinifaciens
geobacter bremensis
rathayibacter toxicus
rhizobium leucaenae
donghicola xiamenensis
leucobacter chironomi
streptomyces venezuelae
amphibacillus xylanus
desulfobacula toluolica
chitinilyticum aquatile
nesterenkonia alba
arthrobacter castelli
bacillus kribbensis
epilithonimonas tenax
ruminococcus gauvreauii
pontibacillus halophilus
luteimonas mephitis
niveispirillum irakense
halomonas jeotgali
ruania albidiflava
nakamurella lactea
arenimonas composti
paenibacillus panacisoli
caulobacter segnis
anaerovorax odorimutans
arsenicicoccus bolidensis
glaciibacter superstes
lysinibacillus sphaericus
ponticaulis koreensis
aestuariibacter salexigens
sulfurospirillum arcachonense
moraxella caprae
bacteroides graminisolvens
bacteroides pyogenes
chitinilyticum litopenaei
chitinimonas koreensis
parabacteroides gordonii
patulibacter americanus
halomonas anticariensis
eremococcus coleocola
sphingopyxis baekryungensis
idiomarina sediminum
marinospirillum minutulum
gordonia shandongensis
marinactinospora thermotolerans
jeotgalicoccus psychrophilus
sporomusa ovata
bacillus chagannorensis
marinococcus halotolerans
arenibacter latericius
flexibacter elegans
streptococcus devriesei
maritalea myrionectae
bacillus aurantiacus
corynebacterium freiburgense
desulfovibrio inopinatus
flavobacterium suncheonense
streptococcus hyovaginalis
anaeroarcus burkinensis
bacillus panaciterrae
sulfolobales archaeon
actinoalloteichus cyanogriseus
zooshikella ganghwensis
globicatella sulfidifaciens
runella zeae
chthonomonas calidirosea
oenococcus kitaharae
sphingomonas jaspsi
aerococcus urinaeequi
nocardioides insulae
solobacterium moorei
methylohalobius crimeensis
photobacterium halotolerans
brevundimonas naejangsanensis
gulosibacter molinativorax
brevibacterium album
nocardioides alkalitolerans
lysobacter defluvii
gaetbulibacter saemankumensis
flavobacterium subsaxonicum
methanocorpusculum bavaricum
pseudomonas resinovorans
saccharospirillum impatiens
nisaea denitrificans
bifidobacterium thermacidophilum
halorubrum ezzemoulense
treponema bryantii
pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis
butyrivibrio hungatei
clostridium cadaveris
clostridium paraputrificum
dorea longicatena
clostridium butyricum
butyrivibrio fibrisolvens
prevotella bryantii
blautia wexlerae
lachnobacterium bovis
vibrio furnissii
gemmobacter nectariphilus
hymenobacter norwichensis
gramella portivictoriae
hellea balneolensis
helcococcus sueciensis
arenimonas oryziterrae
actinobaculum schaalii
varibaculum cambriense
spongiibacter tropicus
gramella echinicola
microbacterium maritypicum
aliagarivorans taiwanensis
actinobaculum urinale
comamonas composti
leminorella grimontii
pseudoclavibacter soli
desulfobulbus japonicus
microbacterium gubbeenense
bacillus pumilus
leptotrichia hofstadii
methylococcus capsulatus
yaniella halotolerans
pseudonocardia spinosispora
kaistia adipata
brevundimonas aveniformis
jonesia quinghaiensis
clostridiales bacterium
lachnospira multipara
propionibacterium acidifaciens
bifidobacterium subtile
serinicoccus marinus
cucumibacter marinus
aneurinibacillus terranovensis
stappia stellulata
desulfovibrio acrylicus
vibrio litoralis
aeromonas aquariorum
clostridium indolis
streptococcus bovis
chitinibacter tainanensis
rubritepida flocculans
thermus islandicus
caldicellulosiruptor acetigenus
psychrilyobacter atlanticus
tuberibacillus calidus
deinococcus ficus
actinomyces slackii
silanimonas lenta
clostridium halophilum
paracoccus zeaxanthinifaciens
psychromonas aquimarina
psychromonas hadalis
aquaspirillum serpens
pseudomonas caeni
chryseobacterium caeni
perlucidibaca piscinae
paenibacillus alginolyticus
faecalicoccus pleomorphus
paenibacillus taiwanensis
ornithinimicrobium pekingense
veillonella montpellierensis
azovibrio restrictus
dysgonomonas capnocytophagoides
prevotella albensis
prevotella baroniae
prevotella denticola
thalassospira lucentensis
spirochaeta cellobiosiphila
terrisporobacter glycolicus
gordonia hirsuta
marinobacter daepoensis
desulfotignum balticum
clostridium methoxybenzovorans
halomonas halocynthiae
selenomonas artemidis
leucobacter salsicius
acinetobacter calcoaceticus
leptospira weilii
shigella dysenteriae
shigella sonnei
shigella flexneri
solimonas flava
bartonella australis
streptococcus sobrinus
azohydromonas australica
desulfobacterium anilini
burkholderia dolosa
runella limosa
deinococcus murrayi
comamonas testosteroni
oceanobacillus kimchii
halalkalicoccus jeotgali
hyphomicrobium nitrativorans
streptococcus canis
leptospira fainei
porphyromonas uenonis
comamonas badia
methyloglobulus morosus
solimonas soli
alteromonadaceae bacterium
shewanella decolorationis
bacteroidales bacterium
paucisalibacillus globulus
anaerobiospirillum succiniciproducens
celeribacter indicus
meiothermus taiwanensis
actinokineospora inagensis
pasteurella testudinis
derxia gummosa
thermodesulfovibrio islandicus
corynebacterium glucuronolyticum
westiella intricata
hapalosiphon welwitschii
paenibacillus uliginis
bifidobacterium choerinum
corynebacterium urealyticum
rhizobium etli
shigella boydii
anaerococcus prevotii
elizabethkingia anophelis
halococcus hamelinensis
vibrio splendidus
vibrio orientalis
staphylococcus pettenkoferi
glaciecola agarilytica
glaciecola chathamensis
providencia burhodogranariea
streptococcus australis
streptococcus oralis
eubacterium saburreum
veillonella atypica
lactobacillus crispatus
aeromonas veronii
leuconostoc citreum
thalassospira profundimaris
streptomyces tsukubaensis
barnesiella intestinihominis
slackia piriformis
haemophilus influenzae
treponema denticola
anoxybacillus flavithermus
natrinema pallidum
natronolimnobius innermongolicus
actinobaculum massiliae
achromobacter xylosoxidans
streptococcus sanguinis
parabacteroides merdae
finegoldia magna
xanthomonas translucens
pelosinus fermentans
halobiforma lacisalsi
acinetobacter radioresistens
haloferax volcanii
streptococcus iniae
gardnerella vaginalis
leptospira terpstrae
clostridium termitidis
cesiribacter andamanensis
bartonella rattimassiliensis
bartonella elizabethae
acetobacter pasteurianus
rhodococcus ruber
vibrio harveyi
clostridium bolteae
brucella ovis
leptospira wolbachii
halococcus morrhuae
alishewanella aestuarii
oceanibaculum indicum
kingella kingae
leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides
leptospira noguchii
cronobacter turicensis
vibrio mimicus
streptomyces zinciresistens
weissella koreensis
planctomycetaceae bacterium
glaciecola polaris
glaciecola mesophila
glaciecola lipolytica
methylobacterium mesophilicum
pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes
fulvivirga imtechensis
alcanivorax hongdengensis
bacteroides salyersiae
natrialba hulunbeirensis
natrialba aegyptia
thauera phenylacetica
capnocytophaga ochracea
mycoplasma alkalescens
massilia timonae
facklamia ignava
facklamia hominis
corynebacterium glutamicum
aeromonas salmonicida
bacteroides cellulosilyticus
atopobium minutum
bacteroides caccae
bacteroides fragilis
bacteroides dorei
staphylococcus lugdunensis
streptococcus parauberis
lactobacillus gastricus
phaeospirillum molischianum
desulfotomaculum hydrothermale
janibacter hoylei
rheinheimera nanhaiensis
haemophilus paraphrohaemolyticus
sulfuricella denitrificans
halosimplex carlsbadense
psychroflexus gondwanensis
cronobacter dublinensis
streptomyces viridochromogenes
weissella ceti
veillonella parvula
microbacterium laevaniformans
streptomyces auratus
haemophilus sputorum
rhodopirellula maiorica
streptococcus tigurinus
rhodopirellula europaea
sutterella wadsworthensis
escherichia blattae
propionibacterium humerusii
morganella morganii
nitrospina gracilis
leptospira meyeri
brevundimonas diminuta
micromonospora lupini
alteromonadacea bacterium
escherichia fergusonii
lactobacillus coryniformis
cronobacter universalis
imtechella halotolerans
aeromonas molluscorum
aeromonas diversa
anaerostipes hadrus
campylobacter showae
cronobacter condimenti
streptococcus ratti
fusobacterium periodonticum
veillonella ratti
bacteroides oleiciplenus
bacteroides uniformis
haloterrigena thermotolerans
haloarcula japonica
brachyspira hampsonii
xanthomonas fragariae
mycobacterium vaccae
thalassospira xiamenensis
rhodopirellula baltica
streptococcus infantis
streptococcus cristatus
actinomyces turicensis
acinetobacter junii
acinetobacter johnsonii
acinetobacter lwoffii
streptomyces coelicoflavus
vibrio parahaemolyticus
lactobacillus delbrueckii
clostridium thermocellum
halorubrum lipolyticum
actinomyces cardiffensis
vibrio alginolyticus
planococcus antarcticus
alishewanella agri
bartonella bovis
staphylococcus saprophyticus
parabacteroides johnsonii
parabacteroides goldsteinii
clostridium colicanis
parabacteroides distasonis
clostridium innocuum
pediococcus lolii
yokenella regensburgei
glaciecola punicea
leptospira wolffii
lactobacillus curvatus
desulfovibrio magneticus
helicobacter bizzozeronii
listeria innocua
acinetobacter haemolyticus
acinetobacter pittii
parascardovia denticolens
prevotella nigrescens
halogeometricum borinquense
leptospira vanthielii
arthrobacter crystallopoietes
aggregatibacter aphrophilus
paenibacillus popilliae
vibrio campbellii
mycoplasma bovigenitalium
bacteroides nordii
thauera aminoaromatica
porphyromonas catoniae
pectobacterium wasabiae
butyricicoccus pullicaecorum
streptomyces ipomoeae
sphingobium yanoikuyae
turicella otitidis
neisseria lactamica
burkholderia multivorans
fibrisoma limi
prevotella saccharolytica
rhodanobacter spathiphylli
rhodanobacter thiooxydans
rhodanobacter fulvus
streptomyces mobaraensis
halogranum salarium
actinobacillus minor
proteus mirabilis
bhargavaea cecembensis
cronobacter malonaticus
bergeyella zoohelcum
afipia felis
alloiococcus otitis
afipia broomeae
clostridium perfringens
bacillus bataviensis
listeriaceae bacterium
lactobacillus hominis
arthrobacter gangotriensis
leptospira yanagawae
actinomyces massiliensis
corynebacterium durum
mycoplasma auris
pasteurella bettyae
neisseria sicca
haemophilus parahaemolyticus
streptomyces gancidicus
bacillus atrophaeus
staphylococcus simulans
enterococcus durans
rhizobium lupini
lactobacillus equicursoris
planococcus halocryophilus
amycolatopsis azurea
selenomonas noxia
austwickia chelonae
thiomicrospira chilensis
staphylococcus capitis
staphylococcus warneri
staphylococcus hominis
herbaspirillum frisingense
rhodopirellula sallentina
lactobacillus oris
dehalococcoides mccartyi
flavobacterium indicum
mycobacterium canettii
methanosarcina mazei
natronomonas moolapensis
pseudomonas poae
methylomicrobium alcaliphilum
methanoculleus bourgensis
modestobacter multiseptatus
tepidanaerobacter acetatoxydans
chlamydophila psittaci
gluconobacter oxydans
donghaeana dokdonensis
pseudomonas denitrificans
mycoplasma cynos
enterococcus casseliflavus
propionibacterium propionicum
desulfovibrio piezophilus
burkholderia thailandensis
sulfolobus islandicus
saccharothrix espanaensis
butyricimonas virosa
roseomonas gilardii
balneimonas flocculans
rhizobium larrymoorei
actinomadura oligospora
hongiella marincola
kallotenue papyrolyticum
caldicoprobacter oshimai
desulfocurvus vexinensis
clostridium josui
aminiphilus circumscriptus
aminobacterium mobile
clostridium intestinale
cedecea davisae
bacteroidetes bacterium
treponema maltophilum
treponema medium
actinomyces europaeus
capnocytophaga granulosa
delftia acidovorans
bacteroides stercoris
corynebacterium pyruviciproducens
treponema socranskii
treponema vincentii
pseudoalteromonas rubra
prevotella oralis
bdellovibrio exovorus
leptospira inadai
leptospira alstoni
edwardsiella tarda
streptomyces albus
streptococcus oligofermentans
azotobacter vinelandii
clostridium papyrosolvens
paenibacillus alvei
erwinia tracheiphila
bartonella schoenbuchensis
leptospira broomii
leptospira kmetyi
leptospira alexanderi
pseudoalteromonas citrea
pseudoalteromonas marina
pseudoalteromonas undina
enterococcus dispar
enterococcus avium
enterococcus sulfureus
thermobifida fusca
actinomyces johnsonii
mycobacterium marinum
glaciecola psychrophila
clostridium bifermentans
mycobacterium avium
bacillus nealsonii
clostridium sartagoforme
mariniradius saccharolyticus
pantoea agglomerans
streptomyces rimosus
arcticibacter svalbardensis
enterococcus gilvus
gluconobacter thailandicus
clostridium sordellii
phaseolibacter flectens
shewanella fidelis
ruminococcus gnavus
bacillus mojavensis
mesoplasma chauliocola
hallella seregens
curvibacter gracilis
eubacterium xylanophilum
shewanella colwelliana
brachyspira alvinipulli
vibrio albensis
mycobacterium genavense
facklamia sourekii
ruminococcaceae bacterium
rhizobium selenitireducens
pyrinomonas methylaliphatogenes
listeria seeligeri
listeria marthii
vibrio fischeri
olleya marilimosa
acholeplasma granularum
mycoplasma cricetuli
bartonella grahamii
bifidobacterium thermophilum
ilumatobacter coccineum
cyclobacterium qasimii
enterococcus malodoratus
enterococcus moraviensis
enterococcus mundtii
enterococcus asini
enterococcus phoeniculicola
enterococcus haemoperoxidus
enterococcus caccae
enterococcus pallens
enterococcus raffinosus
enterococcus flavescens
enterococcus villorum
listeria fleischmannii
marinobacter nanhaiticus
amycolatopsis vancoresmycina
amycolatopsis decaplanina
brevibacillus borstelensis
mycobacterium orygis
bacillus sonorensis
marinobacter santoriniensis
corynebacterium crenatum
gracilibacillus halophilus
pseudoalteromonas agarivorans
rhodococcus rhodnii
streptomyces albulus
elizabethkingia meningoseptica
phaeospirillum fulvum
acinetobacter gerneri
acinetobacter gyllenbergii
acinetobacter guillouiae
burkholderia vietnamiensis
vibrio fluvialis
pseudomonas plecoglossicida
winogradskyella psychrotolerans
leifsonia rubra
streptomyces aurantiacus
streptomyces afghaniensis
sulfurimonas hongkongensis
magnetospirillum bellicus
shewanella waksmanii
ruminococcus flavefaciens
rhodospirillales bacterium
thermoanaerobacter thermocopriae
atopobacter phocae
helicobacter pametensis
pseudomonas chloritidismutans
saccharopolyspora spinosa
methanobrevibacter smithii
vibrio rotiferianus
bacteroides finegoldii
acidovorax avenae
anaplasma marginale
listonella anguillarum
paenibacillus polymyxa
marinobacterium stanieri
kocuria rhizophila
corynebacterium nuruki
paenibacillus elgii
dietzia alimentaria
enterobacter massiliensis
fluoribacter dumoffii
sphingomonas elodea
streptomyces lysosuperificus
streptomyces chartreusis
alistipes senegalensis
bacillus vallismortis
alistipes timonensis
anaerococcus senegalensis
peptoniphilus senegalensis
brevibacterium senegalense
kurthia massiliensis
bacillus timonensis
paenibacillus senegalensis
paenibacillus peoriae
sphingomonas echinoides
dielma fastidiosa
senegalemassilia anaerobia
anaerococcus vaginalis
peptoniphilus grossensis
brevibacillus massiliensis
enorma massiliensis
alistipes obesi
cellulomonas massiliensis
timonella senegalensis
herbaspirillum massiliense
thermococcus zilligii
pseudomonas geniculata
bacillus massiliosenegalensis
moritella dasanensis
bartonella senegalensis
bacillus massilioanorexius
amphibacillus jilinensis
dickeya solani
gayadomonas joobiniege
bacillus psychrosaccharolyticus
brachybacterium muris
kosakonia sacchari
megasphaera massiliensis
enterobacter cancerogenus
curtobacterium flaccumfaciens
meiothermus ruber
peptoniphilus obesi
kallipyga massiliensis
rhodococcus opacus
bordetella pertussis
vibrio coralliilyticus
escherichia albertii
leuconostoc lactis
neisseria polysaccharea
enterobacter mori
acinetobacter bereziniae
acinetobacter genomospecies
acinetobacter parvus
acinetobacter ursingii
gluconacetobacter europaeus
gluconacetobacter oboediens
acidovorax radicis
avibacterium paragallinarum
serinicoccus profundi
carnobacterium maltaromaticum
edwardsiella ictaluri
nocardia nova
thermincola ferriacetica
paracoccus aminophilus
bartonella clarridgeiae
carnimonas nigrificans
azospira restricta
azospira oryzae
campylobacter fetus
pseudomonas tolaasii
brachybacterium paraconglomeratum
halomonas boliviensis
brachybacterium squillarum
paenibacillus riograndensis
rickettsia sibirica
staphylococcus haemolyticus
rhodococcus erythropolis
pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis
brevibacillus brevis
bacteroides faecis
xanthomonas sacchari
oceanobacillus massiliensis
leucobacter chromiiresistens
mycobacterium mageritense
xanthomonas vasicola
salinibacterium amurskyense
pseudomonas extremaustralis
lactobacillus vini
pseudomonas fragi
streptomyces somaliensis
methylocystis parvus
vibrio cyclitrophicus
ureaplasma urealyticum
ochrobactrum anthropi
rickettsia conorii
sphingomonas wittichii
staphylococcus delphini
staphylococcus intermedius
pedobacter agri
pseudomonas fuscovaginae
diplorickettsia massiliensis
ureibacillus thermosphaericus
cronobacter muytjensii
herbaspirillum lusitanum
fischerella muscicola
fischerella thermalis
staphylococcus vitulinus
zavarzinella formosa
schlesneria paludicola
xanthomonas arboricola
aerococcus viridans
actinomyces timonensis
brevibacterium massiliense
bordetella holmesii
bacillus siamensis
catenovulum agarivorans
kocuria atrinae
marinilabilia salmonicolor
lysinibacillus boronitolerans
paenibacillus sonchi
rickettsia honei
staphylococcus lentus
planktomarina temperata
advenella mimigardefordensis
mycobacterium mucogenicum
vibrio breoganii
enterovibrio calviensis
vibrio genomosp
vibrio crassostreae
aliivibrio fischeri
gluconobacter frateurii
vibrio kanaloae
aliivibrio logei
enterovibrio norvegicus
vibrio rumoiensis
vibrio tasmaniensis
acinetobacter venetianus
sphingobium xenophagum
microbacterium yannicii
bacillus endophyticus
coxiella burnetii
microbacterium barkeri
virgibacillus halodenitrificans
lactobacillus ingluviei
corynebacterium timonense
yersinia massiliensis
reyranella massiliensis
pseudaminobacter salicylatoxidans
bartonella rattaustraliani
aquimarina agarilytica
halomonas stevensii
afipia birgiae
alkalibacillus haloalkaliphilus
pseudomonas luteola
nocardia higoensis
nocardia niigatensis
nocardia asiatica
nocardia brevicatena
nocardia pneumoniae
nocardia testacea
nocardia thailandica
nocardia exalbida
nocardia carnea
nocardia tenerifensis
nocardia terpenica
nocardia araoensis
nocardia paucivorans
nocardia abscessus
nocardia takedensis
nocardia cerradoensis
nocardia transvalensis
nocardia concava
nocardia veterana
nocardia vinacea
actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae
dickeya chrysanthemi
alistipes ihumii
bartonella florenciae
acinetobacter baylyi
pseudoalteromonas ruthenica
burkholderia pyrrocinia
holdemania massiliensis
xanthomonas cassavae
dickeya dianthicola
acinetobacter schindleri
bartonella queenslandensis
chryseobacterium taeanense
legionella anisa
zymomonas mobilis
herbaspirillum seropedicae
herbaspirillum huttiense
dyella ginsengisoli
pusillimonas noertemannii
mycobacterium septicum
bordetella bronchiseptica
acidovorax citrulli
mycobacterium neoaurum
pseudomonas nitroreducens
pedobacter arcticus
collinsella massiliensis
clostridium tunisiense
dyella japonica
geobacillus caldoxylosilyticus
staphylococcus xylosus
burkholderia gladioli
nafulsella turpanensis
enterobacter hormaechei
burkholderia kururiensis
salinivibrio costicola
vibrio gazogenes
clostridium arbusti
halomonas smyrnensis
peptoniphilus rhinitidis
oscillibacter ruminantium
klebsiella cf
pseudacidovorax intermedius
yersinia pseudotuberculosis
clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum
methanobrevibacter boviskoreani
pseudomonas alcaliphila
deinococcus wulumuqiensis
lysobacter antibioticus
nocardiopsis baichengensis
erwinia toletana
nocardiopsis alkaliphila
nocardiopsis chromatogenes
nocardiopsis salina
nocardiopsis kunsanensis
nocardiopsis xinjiangensis
dickeya zeae
caenarcanum bioreactoricola
streptomyces violaceusniger
xanthomonas citri
nocardiopsis halotolerans
nocardiopsis synnemataformans
nocardiopsis valliformis
nocardiopsis ganjiahuensis
nocardiopsis potens
nocardiopsis prasina
nocardiopsis gilva
nocardiopsis lucentensis
pedobacter heparinus
lactobacillus pobuzihii
pseudomonas veronii
amycolatopsis orientalis
clostridium diolis
staphylococcus pseudintermedius
pectobacterium atrosepticum
pseudomonas pelagia
clostridium autoethanogenum
lactobacillus fermentum
brevibacillus thermoruber
vibrio natriegens
paenibacillus lentimorbus
sphingobium chinhatense
bacillus safensis
chlamydia trachomatis
enterobacter aerogenes
streptococcus lutetiensis
anaplasma phagocytophilum
corynebacterium terpenotabidum
helicobacter cinaedi
streptomyces collinus
chlamydia pecorum
spiroplasma chrysopicola
xanthomonas fuscans
actinoplanes friuliensis
spiroplasma syrphidicola
thermotoga maritima
treponema pedis
ectothiorhodospiraceae bacterium
streptomyces fulvissimus
idiomarina loihiensis
corynebacterium argentoratense
bacillus infantis
aeropyrum camini
halobiforma nitratireducens
sporolactobacillus laevolacticus
nocardiopsis halophila
geobacillus thermodenitrificans
halorubrum coriense
natronorubrum bangense
halorubrum aidingense
natrialba chahannaoensis
natronococcus amylolyticus
haloferax elongans
haloarcula argentinensis
halorubrum arcis
haloferax alexandrinus
haloarcula amylolytica
natrinema gari
halovivax asiaticus
halorubrum distributum
natrinema altunense
halorubrum tebenquichense
halococcus thailandensis
natrialba magadii
natronococcus jeotgali
haloferax lucentense
halococcus saccharolyticus
halorubrum californiense
natronorubrum sulfidifaciens
haloterrigena limicola
haloferax prahovense
haloferax larsenii
haloferax gibbonsii
natrinema versiforme
halorubrum hochstenium
natrialba taiwanensis
haloterrigena salina
halococcus salifodinae
halosarcina pallida
halorubrum terrestre
leifsonia xyli
phocaeicola abscessus
petrotoga halophila
acidobacteria bacterium
cronobacter pulveris
microvirgula aerodenitrificans
afifella pfennigii
marinobacterium jannaschii
acinetobacter tandoii
halomonas halodenitrificans
meiothermus cerbereus
deefgea rivuli
geodermatophilaceae bacterium
desulfitibacter alkalitolerans
obscuribacter phosphatis
photorhabdus luminescens
synthetic wastewater
brochothrix thermosphacta
clostridiisalibacter paucivorans
zymobacter palmae
arthrobacter sanguinis
mycoplasma spumans
anoxybacillus tepidamans
exiguobacterium undae
brackiella oedipodis
desulfobulbus elongatus
conchiformibius steedae
maribacter antarcticus
pseudomonas mosselii
desulfovermiculus halophilus
acinetobacter towneri
terasakiella pusilla
thauera linaloolentis
campylobacter upsaliensis
acidocella facilis
deinococcus radiodurans
mycoplasma glycophilum
acholeplasma equifetale
mycoplasma felifaucium
thiothrix lacustris
legionella geestiana
halotalea alkalilenta
bacillus bogoriensis
clostridium cellobioparum
prolixibacter bellariivorans
anaerovibrio lipolyticus
crocinitomix catalasitica
prevotella brevis
corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum
mannheimia granulomatis
simplicispira psychrophila
campylobacter cuniculorum
legionella sainthelensi
alkaliphilus transvaalensis
mycobacterium aromaticivorans
haliea rubra
kandleria vitulina
clostridium viride
legionella cherrii
pseudomonas corrugata
pandoraea pnomenusa
lactobacillus johnsonii
staphylococcus pasteuri
gloeobacter kilaueensis
bacillus toyonensis
pediococcus pentosaceus
brucella ceti
clostridium mangenotii
oceanicola nanhaiensis
pseudothermotoga elfii
paracoccus yeei
mycoplasma leonicaptivi
roseomonas mucosa
legionella lansingensis
helicobacter rodentium
mycoplasma molare
mucispirillum schaedleri
intrasporangiaceae bacterium
pseudonocardia acaciae
exiguobacterium marinum
bifidobacterium ruminantium
methanobrevibacter wolinii
prevotella ruminicola
propionibacteriaceae bacterium
butyrivibrio proteoclasticus
clostridium aerotolerans
clostridium lundense
micromonosporaceae bacterium
acholeplasma modicum
solirubrobacterales bacterium
exiguobacterium sibiricum
eubacterium nodatum
fimbriimonas ginsengisoli
granulibacter bethesdensis
sulfurospirillum multivorans
dickeya dadantii
corynebacterium vitaeruminis
corynebacterium casei
novosphingobium lindaniclasticum
sphingobium quisquiliarum
helicobacter macacae
helicobacter canis
alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris
mannheimia varigena
serratia fonticola
sphingomonas sanxanigenens
treponema primitia
cetobacterium somerae
eubacterium cylindroides
mogibacterium timidum
eubacterium brachy
eubacterium sulci
clostridium ultunense
eikenella corrodens
ruminococcus lactaris
olsenella profusa
bacillus vireti
olsenella uli
ruminococcus albus
legionella fairfieldensis
rhizobium undicola
balneatrix alpica
alkanindiges illinoisensis
sulfurihydrogenibium subterraneum
clostridium litorale
acholeplasma hippikon
dyadobacter crusticola
mycoplasma anseris
clostridium phytofermentans
legionella wadsworthii
mycoplasma cloacale
mycoplasma columborale
gemella sanguinis
mycoplasma collis
mycoplasma iners
mycoplasma primatum
proteiniclasticum ruminis
eubacterium desmolans
paraoerskovia marina
mycoplasma simbae
brevundimonas bacteroides
alicyclobacillus macrosporangiidus
bifidobacterium adolescentis
acidiphilium angustum
mycoplasma sturni
bilophila wadsworthia
sharpea azabuensis
desulfovibrio alcoholivorans
deinococcus marmoris
deinococcus frigens
clostridium algidicarnis
melissococcus plutonius
corynebacterium maris
blautia schinkii
mitsuokella jalaludinii
exiguobacterium acetylicum
exiguobacterium aurantiacum
succinivibrio dextrinosolvens
clostridium sporogenes
eubacterium acidaminophilum
bryobacter aggregatus
enterococcus gallinarum
rickettsiella grylli
subdoligranulum variabile
marvinbryantia formatexigens
atopobium vaginae
chryseobacterium gleum
citrobacter youngae
corynebacterium pseudogenitalium
blautia hansenii
providencia rettgeri
bifidobacterium gallicum
bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum
collinsella intestinalis
erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae
fusobacterium ulcerans
helicobacter bilis
listeria grayi
mitsuokella multacida
roseburia intestinalis
prevotella copri
neisseria subflava
neisseria cinerea
lactobacillus jensenii
abiotrophia defectiva
sphingobacterium spiritivorum
actinomyces viscosus
neisseria mucosa
simonsiella muelleri
segniliparus rugosus
halorhabdus tiamatea
haloplasma contractile
salinisphaera shabanensis
exiguobacterium oxidotolerans
desulfonatronovibrio hydrogenovorans
pseudomonas mediterranea
methylobacter tundripaludum
acidovorax oryzae
mycoplasma lipofaciens
mycobacterium liflandii
mycobacterium kansasii
thalassolituus oleivorans
serratia liquefaciens
spiroplasma apis
psychrobacter phenylpyruvicus
desulfotomaculum thermocisternum
sphingobacterium thalpophilum
flavobacterium sasangense
clostridium saccharogumia
fodinicurvata fenggangensis
marinospirillum insulare
clostridium hydrogeniformans
clostridium akagii
marinomonas ushuaiensis
paenibacillus pini
aneurinibacillus aneurinilyticus
bacillus marmarensis
nocardia asteroides
nocardia otitidiscaviarum
nocardia aobensis
nocardia jiangxiensis
bacillus weihenstephanensis
edwardsiella hoshinae
chryseobacterium indologenes
vibrio halioticoli
viridibacillus arenosi
paenibacillus barengoltzii
eubacterium plexicaudatum
lactobacillus fabifermentans
roseivivax halodurans
caldanaerobacter subterraneus
providencia alcalifaciens
enterorhabdus caecimuris
salinicoccus luteus
methermicoccus shengliensis
rheinheimera texasensis
roseomonas aerilata
andreprevotia chitinilytica
vibrio pacinii
desulfotomaculum alkaliphilum
desulfovibrio frigidus
vibrio rhizosphaerae
photorhabdus asymbiotica
chromobacterium haemolyticum
nevskia soli
clostridium aminophilum
thermoanaerobacter cellulolyticus
mycoplasma opalescens
actinomyces israelii
kutzneria albida
yersinia similis
thermococcus nautili
bacillus mannanilyticus
bacteroides acidifaciens
lactobacillus kitasatonis
shewanella haliotis
prevotella aurantiaca
bacteroides rodentium
bacteroides sartorii
prevotella pleuritidis
acinetobacter indicus
acinetobacter brisouii
acinetobacter soli
acinetobacter rudis
acinetobacter beijerinckii
rhodococcus qingshengii
pseudomonas extremorientalis
mycobacterium ulcerans
rhodococcus equi
mycobacterium chelonae
gallaecimonas xiamenensis
ilumatobacter nonamiensis
pseudomonas brenneri
sphingomonas astaxanthinifaciens
thermosinus carboxydivorans
desulfococcus multivorans
andreprevotia lacus
lysobacter spongiicola
desulfovibrio bizertensis
pseudogulbenkiania subflava
garciella nitratireducens
vibrio cincinnatiensis
desulfovibrio gracilis
carboxydocella sporoproducens
enterovibrio nigricans
lactobacillus lindneri
tenacibaculum maritimum
cupriavidus metallidurans
nocardia seriolae
halobacteriaceae archaeon
bacillus firmus
trueperella pyogenes
flavobacterium cauense
psychrobacter aquaticus
vibrio owensii
cobetia crustatorum
lutibaculum baratangense
vibrio jasicida
pseudoalteromonas lipolytica
holospora obtusa
belnapia moabensis
bacteroides cellulosolvens
xenophilus azovorans
stenoxybacter acetivorans
ferrimicrobium acidiphilum
deinococcus misasensis
alysiella crassa
desulfobacter vibrioformis
edaphobacter aggregans
actinomadura glauciflava
peptoclostridium difficile
agrobacterium radiobacter
paenibacillus graminis
leptospira weillii
halomonas titanicae
desulfovibrio paquesii
soehngenia saccharolytica
sphingobacterium multivorum
pseudoxanthomonas kalamensis
lysobacter oryzae
halorhodospira halochloris
chlamydiaceae bacterium
paenibacillus zanthoxyli
campylobacter concisus
bartonella henselae
sphingobium ummariense
corynebacterium falsenii
phenylobacterium composti
desulfovibrio alkalitolerans
pelobacter seleniigenes
hydrogenovibrio marinus
desulfovibrio halophilus
polycyclovorans algicola
desulfomicrobium thermophilum
pseudomonas pertucinogena
diaphorobacter oryzae
propionigenium maris
geobacillus vulcani
desulfovibrio vietnamensis
dyadobacter ginsengisoli
asaccharobacter celatus
methylobacterium komagatae
brenneria alni
lactobacillus paralimentarius
salinicoccus kunmingensis
lactobacillus nagelii
flavisolibacter ginsengiterrae
vibrio ruber
alysiella filiformis
brenneria nigrifluens
vibrio porteresiae
ponticoccus litoralis
pelagicola litoralis
methylomicrobium agile
mycoplasma buteonis
arenimonas donghaensis
streptomyces yeochonensis
thermodesulfovibrio hydrogeniphilus
geobacillus subterraneus
sphingopyxis litoris
carnobacterium alterfunditum
lysobacter concretionis
streptacidiphilus rugosus
cupriavidus necator
caenimonas koreensis
maribacter forsetii
azoarcus communis
clostridium cocleatum
methanobacterium arcticum
roseomonas vinacea
algiphilus aromaticivorans
arenibacter algicola
methylomarinum vadi
thermus tengchongensis
carnobacterium funditum
carnobacterium inhibens
streptacidiphilus albus
desulfovibrio senezii
endozoicomonas montiporae
endozoicomonas numazuensis
kitasatospora azatica
streptacidiphilus oryzae
kitasatospora mediocidica
sulfitobacter mediterraneus
enterobacter asburiae
gilliamella apicola
mycobacterium africanum
clostridium drakei
pseudomonas alcaligenes
brevundimonas abyssalis
asaia platycodi
aquamicrobium defluvii
clostridium cellulosi
coprobacter fastidiosus
pseudomonas bauzanensis
sulfitobacter donghicola
sphingobium herbicidovorans
lactobacillus shenzhenensis
listeria grandensis
carnobacterium divergens
desulfobotulus sapovorans
salmonella subterranea
methylocapsa aurea
thermomicrobiales bacterium
comamonas nitrativorans
sporacetigenium mesophilum
roseomonas lacus
propionivibrio pelophilus
desulfovibrio idahonensis
kingella potus
draconibacterium orientale
actinomadura madurae
arcobacter cibarius
comamonas aquatica
lyngbya aestuarii
porticoccus hydrocarbonoclasticus
carnobacterium mobile
carnobacterium pleistocenium
pseudomonas xiamenensis
sphingomonas aestuarii
paenibacillus sabinae
neorickettsia helminthoeca
corynebacterium glycinophilum
halyomorpha halys
gemmatimonadetes bacterium
hymenobacter swuensis
mycoplasma californicum
dyella jiangningensis
stenotrophomonas rhizophila
halomonas campaniensis
azospirillum amazonense
bacillus altitudinis
kitasatospora cheerisanensis
hyphomonas oceanitis
hyphomonas hirschiana
hyphomonas polymorpha
hyphomonas johnsonii
hyphomonas adhaerens
hyphomonas jannaschiana
cellulophaga geojensis
flavobacterium enshiense
burkholderia cenocepacia
pseudogulbenkiania ferrooxidans
saccharopolyspora erythraea
flavobacterium saliperosum
rhodobacter capsulatus
brevibacillus panacihumi
rhodomicrobium udaipurense
proteus hauseri
listeria cornellensis
listeria rocourtiae
listeria weihenstephanensis
helicobacter fennelliae
lactobacillus equi
listeria floridensis
listeria riparia
listeria aquatica
lelliottia amnigena
kosakonia radicincitans
actibacterium mucosum
mycoplasma hyosynoviae
sphingomonas paucimobilis
lactobacillus composti
lysobacter capsici
lactobacillus farraginis
microbacterium oleivorans
novosphingobium resinovorum
erwinia mallotivora
cytophaga fermentans
brachybacterium phenoliresistens
deinococcus phoenicis
nitrincola lacisaponensis
lactobacillus animalis
peptococcaceae bacterium
thermoanaerobacter kivui
beijerinckia mobilis
psychrobacter muriicola
carnobacterium gallinarum
marinobacter excellens
thermus amyloliquefaciens
carnobacterium jeotgali
acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans
lonsdalea quercina
thermoanaerobaculum aquaticum
bordetella hinzii
acinetobacter baumanii
burkholderia fungorum
clostridium scatologenes
saccharopolyspora rectivirgula
burkholderia bannensis
thauera terpenica
sphingobium baderi
parvimonas micra
paenibacillus durus
richelia intracellularis
vibrio azureus
paenibacillus sophorae
sporolactobacillus terrae
pseudomonas knackmussii
pseudomonas cichorii
pseudoalteromonas atlantica
paenibacillus ehimensis
sulfitobacter guttiformis
photobacterium leiognathi
paenibacillus forsythiae
sulfitobacter pontiacus
vibrio sagamiensis
geobacillus thermocatenulatus
sphingobium lucknowense
zhouia amylolytica
aeromonas enteropelogenes
burkholderia caledonica
leifsonia aquatica
acinetobacter oleivorans
rhizobiales bacterium
thermodesulfobacterium hydrogeniphilum
sphingopyxis marina
haloterrigena jeotgali
haladaptatus cibarius
composite genome
xanthomonas hyacinthi
clostridium xylanovorans
salinicoccus alkaliphilus
porphyrobacter sanguineus
desulfovibrio litoralis
fervidobacterium gondwanense
desulfitobacterium chlororespirans
zetaproteobacteria bacterium
methanobacterium veterum
flavisolibacter ginsengisoli
ferrithrix thermotolerans
devosia limi
desulfotomaculum putei
desulfotomaculum australicum
desulfacinum infernum
moraxella bovoculi
geobacillus thermoglucosidasius
burkholderia ferrariae
burkholderia acidipaludis
staphylococcus sciuri
staphylococcus chromogenes
sphingobium lactosutens
acinetobacter nectaris
staphylococcus cohnii
youngiibacter fragile
dehalococcoidia bacterium
treponema phagedenis
clavibacter cf
moorella thermoacetica
pseudomonas otitidis
amycolatopsis rifamycinica
weissella oryzae
rhodoferax saidenbachensis
kozakia baliensis
thermus caliditerrae
tissierella praeacuta
schwartzia succinivorans
desulfopila aestuarii
acidocella aminolytica
caldanaerobius fijiensis
lampropedia hyalina
caloramator proteoclasticus
halomonas ilicicola
leeuwenhoekiella marinoflava
marinomonas polaris
thermomonas hydrothermalis
atopostipes suicloacalis
alkalibacter saccharofermentans
thermoanaerobacter uzonensis
caulobacter henricii
rhizobium alamii
kaistia soli
streptomyces atratus
streptomyces mirabilis
rhizobium rhizogenes
enhydrobacter aerosaccus
treponema berlinense
porphyromonas circumdentaria
oceanospirillum multiglobuliferum
mycoplasma verecundum
selenihalanaerobacter shriftii
nitrosomonas europaea
fibrobacter intestinalis
treponema porcinum
zobellia uliginosa
streptomyces arginensis
streptomyces flavogriseus
sorangium cellulosum
methylobacter whittenburyi
rubritalea squalenifaciens
hymenobacter daecheongensis
geodermatophilus normandii
geodermatophilus turciae
micromonospora echinospora
micromonospora endolithica
micromonospora olivasterospora
micromonospora sagamiensis
modestobacter roseus
prauserella rugosa
parasporobacterium paucivorans
prevotella shahii
tessaracoccus bendigoensis
roseomonas rosea
thalassobacter stenotrophicus
aurantimonas altamirensis
nitrososphaera viennensis
salmonella bongori
neorhizobium galegae
chlamydia muridarum
pseudomonas simiae
alteromonas australica
amycolatopsis japonica
bacillus lehensis
corynebacterium atypicum
formosa agariphila
janthinobacterium agaricidamnosum
ureaplasma diversum
pseudomonas japonica
pseudomonas oryzihabitans
thioclava pacifica
pedobacter borealis
enorma timonensis
sphingomonas like
occidentia massiliensis
fenollaria massiliensis
thalassospira permensis
mycobacterium iranicum
sphingobacterium antarcticus
bordetella trematum
deinococcus xibeiensis
sediminibacillus halophilus
thalassobacillus devorans
bacillus tequilensis
burkholderia andropogonis
kurthia huakuii
bacillus methylotrophicus
luteimonas huabeiensis
streptomyces exfoliatus
dyadobacter tibetensis
lactobacillus namurensis
aphanizomenon flos
aquimarina macrocephali
ochrobactrum rhizosphaerae
tomitella biformata
aquimarina megaterium
chryseobacterium hispalense
flavobacterium succinicans
halomonas zincidurans
vibrio fortis
aeromonas caviae
halomonas alkaliantarctica
bacteroides faecichinchillae
bacteroides paurosaccharolyticus
bacteroides stercorirosoris
lactobacillus apodemi
lactobacillus fuchuensis
lactobacillus gallinarum
lactobacillus hamsteri
lactobacillus hayakitensis
lactobacillus nodensis
methylobacillus glycogenes
porphyromonas gingivicanis
porphyromonas macacae
prevotella dentasini
prevotella enoeca
prevotella falsenii
prevotella fusca
prevotella marshii
prevotella nanceiensis
prevotella scopos
shewanella marina
sneathiella glossodoripedis
prevotella disiens
lactobacillus kefiranofaciens
lactobacillus sakei
asaia astilbes
asaia prunellae
exiguobacterium alkaliphilum
streptomyces olindensis
lactococcus chungangensis
citrobacter amalonaticus
polaromonas glacialis
erythrobacter longus
erythrobacter litoralis
anditalea andensis
tumebacillus flagellatus
streptococcus equinus
aeromonas taiwanensis
aeromonas dhakensis
rhizobium vignae
bacillus gaemokensis
pseudomonas savastanoi
bacillus manliponensis
weissella hellenica
shewanella xiamenensis
snodgrassella alvi
marinitoga hydrogenitolerans
pseudoxanthobacter soli
lactonifactor longoviformis
paenibacillus chondroitinus
thermosyntropha lipolytica
tepidibacter thalassicus
anaerosphaera aminiphila
desulfosporosinus lacus
clostridium magnum
clostridium grantii
desulfovibrio marinisediminis
thermosipho atlanticus
clostridium bartlettii
caloranaerobacter azorensis
clostridium collagenovorans
clostridium acidisoli
desulfofustis glycolicus
sporanaerobacter acetigenes
porphyromonas cangingivalis
sporobacter termitidis
desulfotomaculum thermosubterraneum
pseudobutyrivibrio xylanivorans
propionispora hippei
clostridium cavendishii
porphyromonas crevioricanis
eubacterium coprostanoligenes
eubacterium yurii
geobacter thiogenes
sodalis like
pilibacter termitis
eubacterium ruminantium
legionella maceachernii
campylobacter helveticus
eubacterium uniforme
thiothrix eikelboomii
cetobacterium ceti
dethiosulfatibacter aminovorans
lutispora thermophila
malonomonas rubra
geosporobacter subterraneus
hespellia stercorisuis
desulfacinum hydrothermale
clostridium jejuense
clostridium proteolyticum
tepidibacter formicigenes
clostridium caminithermale
acholeplasma oculi
desulfotomaculum aeronauticum
clostridium lactatifermentans
anaerobranca californiensis
hymenobacter psychrotolerans
caminicella sporogenes
anaerosporobacter mobilis
fusobacterium naviforme
anaeroplasma bactoclasticum
prosthecobacter fusiformis
thermosporothrix hazakensis
acetoanaerobium noterae
mesorhizobium huakuii
ensifer adhaerens
terribacillus aidingensis
dermacoccus nishinomiyaensis
rikenellaceae bacterium
bartonella tribocorum
ewingella americana
leclercia adecarboxylata
buttiauxella agrestis
kluyvera ascorbata
raoultella planticola
tatumella ptyseos
trabulsiella guamensis
erwinia amylovora
intrasporangium chromatireducens
clostridiales genomosp
bartonella koehlerae
bartonella rochalimae
salinisphaera hydrothermalis
cyclobacteriaceae bacterium
clostridiaceae bacterium
actinotalea ferrariae
anaerorhabdus furcosa
methylomicrobium kenyense
halomonas meridiana
papillibacter cinnamivorans
rhizobium oryzae
klebsiella variicola
raoultella terrigena
ferrimonas marina
corynebacterium like
skermanella stibiiresistens
intrasporangium oryzae
betaproteobacteria bacterium
gammaproteobacteria bacterium
gemmiger formicilis
prosthecobacter debontii
arenibacter palladensis
mesotoga infera
methylobacterium brachiatum
desulfobulbus alkaliphilus
desulfonatronum thioautotrophicum
phycisphaerae bacterium
clostridium clostidiforme
methanobrevibacter olleyae
actinomyces nasicola
thioalkalimicrobium microaerophilus
thiohalomonas denitrificans
methanobrevibacter millerae
geoalkalibacter ferrihydriticus
dyella marensis
thaumarchaeota archaeum
geoalkalibacter subterraneus
eubacterium ruminatium
acidaminococcus fermentans
basfia succiniciproducens
eubacterium oxidoreducens
denitrobacterium detoxificans
ruminococcus bromii
combined assembly
prevotellaceae bacterium
huaishuia halophila
cytophaga xylanolytica
hwanghaeicola aestuarii
planktotalea frisia
albidovulum inexpectatum
roseinatronobacter thiooxidans
nonlabens xylanidelens
nonlabens dokdonensis
gemmobacter changlensis
defluviimonas denitrificans
algoriphagus chordae
rhodobaca barguzinensis
oceanicella actignis
algoriphagus ratkowskyi
nonlabens ulvanivorans
hydrotalea sandarakina
salegentibacter mishustinae
algoriphagus yeomjeoni
chitinophaga skermanii
albidovulum xiamenense
oceanimonas baumannii
arenibacter echinorum
olleya aquimaris
mameliella alba
salegentibacter salegens
gelidibacter algens
elizabethkingia miricola
pedobacter cryoconitis
mesonia algae
larkinella arboricola
arcicella aurantiaca
formosa spongicola
algoriphagus alkaliphilus
parapedobacter luteus
salegentibacter salinarum
salegentibacter salarius
maribacter polysiphoniae
maribacter arcticus
sphingobacterium nematocida
alkalitalea saponilacus
thiohalospira halophilus
streptococcus gallolyticus
dyadobacter psychrophilus
parabacteroides chartae
soonwooa buanensis
clostridium celerecrescens
bosea thiooxidans
ohtaekwangia koreensis
allisonella histaminiformans
ruminobacter amylophilus
salegentibacter holothuriorum
chitinophaga ginsengisegetis
pedobacter luteus
cellulophaga tyrosinoxydans
mucilaginibacter oryzae
lentzea albidocapillata
sphingobacterium psychroaquaticum
chryseobacterium bovis
cellulophaga fucicola
chitinophaga sancti
marivirga sericea
arenibacter troitsensis
aquamicrobium aerolatum
afifella marina
thiohalorhabdus denitrificans
fontibacter flavus
actinosynnema pretiosum
azomonas agilis
williamsia serinedens
desulforhopalus singaporensis
prauserella alba
williamsia deligens
williamsia maris
lentzea californiensis
goodfellowiella coeruleoviolacea
lechevalieria flava
prauserella aidingensis
actinokineospora diospyrosa
streptoalloteichus tenebrarius
megasphaera paucivorans
sedimentibacter saalensis
bacillus oceanisediminis
belnapia rosea
novosphingobium taihuense
paracoccus tibetense
sphingobium wenxiniae
bradyrhizobium daqingense
pseudomonas tuomuerensis
flavobacterium cheniae
luteimonas cucumeris
flavobacterium tiangeerense
lysobacter ruishenii
actinobacteria bacterium
prauserella salsuginis
rhizobium loessense
sinomicrobium oceani
sphingobacterium siyangensis
flavobacterium caeni
bradyrhizobium yuanmingense
mesorhizobium tianshanense
paracoccus sulfuroxidans
serratia nematodiphila
extensimonas vulgaris
enterobacter sacchari
massilia flava
microvirga guangxiensis
flavobacterium glaciei
pseudomonas duriflava
flavobacterium marinum
bacillus nanhaiisediminis
bradyrhizobium huanghuaihaiense
prauserella halophila
massilia lurida
sphingobium faniae
desulfonatronum thiosulfatophilum
desulfobotulus alkaliphilus
treponema putidum
prauserella flava
pacificamonas flava
fibrobacter succinogenes
actinokineospora globicatena
lacibacter cauensis
ohtaekwangia kribbensis
zoogloea ramigera
roseibium hamelinense
acholeplasma morum
chitinophaga japonensis
gemmobacter caeni
idiomarina indica
mucilaginibacter frigoritolerans
flavobacterium anhuiense
asticcacaulis taihuensis
altererythrobacter ishigakiensis
ancylobacter rudongense
promicromonospora thailandica
mesorhizobium qingshengii
xanthobacter autotrophicus
promicromonospora umidemergens
halobacterium salinarum
nocardia amikacinitolerans
nitrospira marina
stackebrandtia albiflava
acetobacter peroxydans
prevotella zoogleoformans
legionella micdadei
geobacter argillaceus
vasilyevaea enhydra
sphingomonas koreensis
promicromonospora flava
deinococcus humi
endosymbiont of
clostridium orbiscindens
streptococcus macedonicus
clostridium senegalense
lactobacillus pentosus
providencia sneebia
rickettsia helvetica
lactobacillus gigeriorum
dickeya paradisiaca
adlercreutzia equolifaciens
bifidobacterium mongoliense
agromonas oligotrophica
plesiomonas shigelloides
agrococcus pavilionensis
pseudomonas moraviensis
bifidobacterium stellenboschense
xanthomonas alfalfae
streptomyces lividans
yersinia kristensenii
burkholderia mallei
burkholderia oklahomensis
bacillus mycoides
geobacillus stearothermophilus
sinorhizobium meliloti
burkholderia xenovorans
flavobacterium psychrophilum
corynebacterium imitans
vibrio ponticus
pseudomonas alkylphenolia
cellulophaga lytica
basilea psittacipulmonis
xenorhabdus szentirmaii
bifidobacterium coryneforme
massilia consociata
devosia riboflavina
bifidobacterium crudilactis
corynebacterium ureicelerivorans
bifidobacterium gallinarum
bifidobacterium psychraerophilum
ruegeria halocynthiae
bifidobacterium saguini
bifidobacterium cuniculi
bifidobacterium bohemicum
bifidobacterium biavatii
bifidobacterium callitrichos
bifidobacterium stercoris
bifidobacterium kashiwanohense
bifidobacterium scardovii
mollicutes bacterium
cobetia marina
acetobacter malorum
ruminococcus callidus
clostridium symbiosum
eubacterium ramulus
azotobacter beijerinckii
sphingobacterium antarcticum
rugamonas rubra
giesbergeria anulus
corynebacterium humireducens
sphingomonas stygium
saccharopolyspora hirsuta
sporolactobacillus nakayamae
lactobacillus rogosae
halanaerobium salsuginis
bauldia litoralis
frateuria terrea
thermoleophilum album
rickettsiales bacterium
cedecea neteri
halomonas muralis
brachymonas denitrificans
anaerobaculum thermoterrenum
marinospirillum alkaliphilum
thermodesulforhabdus norvegica
saccharopolyspora flava
tepidimicrobium xylanilyticum
formivibrio citricus
propionivibrio dicarboxylicus
clostridium paradoxum
desulfotomaculum thermosapovorans
desulfurella multipotens
pseudosphingobacterium domesticum
geodermatophilus soli
geodermatophilus dictyosporus
geodermatophilus carrarae
geodermatophilus siccatus
blastococcus endophyticus
geodermatophilus amargosae
desulfuromusa kysingii
idiomarinaceae bacterium
geodermatophilus africanus
xenorhabdus doucetiae
clostridium sufflavum
proteiniborus ethanoligenes
halomonas cupida
rheinheimera pacifica
salegentibacter flavus
amphritea atlantica
microbulbifer thermotolerans
thalassotalea agarivorans
psychrobacter pacificensis
chitinophaga terrae
nonomuraea pusilla
corynebacterium spheniscorum
thermosediminibacter litoriperuensis
clostridium populeti
clostridium thermopalmarium
alkaliphilus peptidifermentans
natronincola peptidivorans
natronincola ferrireducens
desulfotomaculum arcticum
caldanaerovirga acetigignens
caloramator fervidus
sporolituus thermophilus
acidaminobacter hydrogenoformans
algoriphagus boritolerans
niastella yeongjuensis
nereida ignava
legionella quinlivanii
legionella israelensis
thorsellia anophelis
chitinimonas taiwanensis
corynebacterium cystitidis
pseudoalteromonas denitrificans
thiothrix caldifontis
thalassobaculum litoreum
geodermatophilus uthaensis
flavobacterium swingsii
geodermatophilus taihuensis
mycoplasma subdolum
desulfovibrio ferrireducens
spirosoma radiotolerans
vampirovibrio chlorellavorus
corynebacterium singulare
marinospirillum celere
fructobacillus pseudoficulneus
mycobacterium simiae
tetrasphaera elongata
cellulophaga baltica
planktothrix mougeotii
bifidobacterium actinocoloniiforme
bifidobacterium pullorum
bifidobacterium reuteri
bifidobacterium merycicum
bifidobacterium saeculare
prevotella salivae
treponema lecithinolyticum
xanthomonas hortorum
citrobacter farmeri
escherichia vulneris
citrobacter werkmanii
alcanivorax jadensis
geobacillus kaustophilus
vibrio shiloi
citrobacter rodentium
staphylococcus hyicus
burkholderia terrae
clostridium anorexicamassiliense
novosphingobium tardaugens
citrobacter sedlakii
burkholderia heleia
burkholderia ginsengisoli
vibrio ezurae
vibrio proteolyticus
paenibacillus chitinolyticus
rhizobium rubi
comamonas granuli
haematobacter massiliensis
haematobacter missouriensis
pantoea stewartii
bacteroides timonensis
bacillus massiliogorillae
paenibacillus gorillae
corynebacterium ihumii
nosocomiicoccus massiliensis
lactococcus raffinolactis
chryseobacterium haifense
actinomyces urogenitalis
anaerococcus lactolyticus
corynebacterium freneyi
atopobium parvulum
thermotoga neapolitana
tropheryma whipplei
gemella bergeriae
mesorhizobium metallidurans
crenotalea thermophila
thiomargarita nelsonii
legionella jamestowniensis
brevibacterium jeotgali
brevibacterium iodinum
brevibacterium linens
brevibacterium aurantiacum
brevibacterium casei
brevibacterium antiquum
flavobacterium terrigena
brevundimonas nasdae
chryseobacterium taiwanense
chryseobacterium oranimense
xenorhabdus nematophila
lactobacillus otakiensis
halopiger goleamassiliensis
streptomyces niveus
pantoea dispersa
staphylococcus equorum
streptomycetaceae bacterium
prevotella buccalis
oscillospiraceae bacterium
chlamydia suis
corynebacterium tuscaniense
clostridium scindens
planktothrix rubescens
prevotella melaninogenica
arthrobacter albus
loktanella cinnabarina
sporosarcina pasteurii
agarivorans albus
nesterenkonia massiliensis
desulfuromonas thiophila
propionispira arboris
desulfotomaculum geothermicum
pseudomonas balearica
roseomonas stagni
pragia fontium
geodermatophilus brasiliensis
anaerobranca gottschalkii
actinobacteria gen
geodermatophilus telluris
selenovibrio woodruffii
streptomyces noursei
codakia orbicularis
jannaschia aquimarina
fructobacillus durionis
arsenophonus endosymbiont
porphyromonas cansulci
corynebacterium kutscheri
corynebacterium camporealensis
microcystis cf
microcystis wesenbergii
candidate division
epsilonproteobacteria bacterium
clostridium polysaccharolyticum
oxobacter pfennigii
olsenella umbonata
micrococcineae bacterium
actinomyces ruminicola
novosphingobium pentaromativorans
rhodobacteraceae bacterium
phormidesmis priestleyi
erythrobacteraceae bacterium
coriobacteriaceae bacterium
geobacter pickeringii
sedimenticola thiotaurini
cytophagales bacterium
clostridium aceticum
bacillus hemicellulosilyticus
vagococcus lutrae
bacillus wakoensis
mycobacterium gastri
bacillus akibai
bacillus boroniphilus
bacteroides reticulotermitis
gracilibacillus boraciitolerans
bifidobacterium moukalabense
hylemonella gracilis
streptomyces avermitilis
flavobacterium chungangense
paenibacillus darwinianus
virgibacillus alimentarius
lactobacillus sucicola
serratia grimesii
campylobacter mucosalis
yersinia ruckeri
brucella neotomae
proteus vulgaris
synergistes jonesii
vibrio diazotrophicus
rothia dentocariosa
flavobacterium seoulense
klebsiella michiganensis
aeromonas jandaei
halomonas salina
jejuia pallidilutea
algibacter lectus
burkholderia grimmiae
delftia tsuruhatensis
neisseria gonorrhoeae
alpha proteobacterium
nitrosococcus oceani
metallosphaera sedula
rhodococcus fascians
desulfonatronum thiodismutans
idiomarina salinarum
mangrovimonas yunxiaonensis
chryseobacterium antarcticum
lactobacillus paraplantarum
mycobacterium farcinogenes
thermoanaerobacterium aotearoense
thiomonas bhubaneswarensis
rhizobium hainanense
tepidiphilus thermophilus
chelatococcus sambhunathii
pannonibacter indicus
comamonas thiooxydans
anoxybacillus suryakundensis
rhodococcus enclensis
rhizobium lusitanum
corynebacterium epidermidicanis
corynebacterium testudinoris
corynebacterium uterequi
actinoalloteichus hymeniacidonis
arthrobacter enclensis
rhizobium multihospitium
melghirimyces thermohalophilus
tropicibacter multivorans
citreicella marina
palleronia marisminoris
algibacter pectinivorans
pleomorphobacterium xiamenense
myroides marinus
citreicella aestuarii
litorimicrobium taeanense
tropicimonas isoalkanivorans
acidovorax valerianellae
pseudovibrio ascidiaceicola
citreicella thiooxidans
paracoccus aminovorans
gemmobacter aquatilis
aneurinibacillus migulanus
paracoccus versutus
planifilum fulgidum
desulfobacula phenolica
actinopolyspora righensis
cytophaga hutchinsonii
reichenbachiella agariperforans
solimonas aquatica
mesorhizobium albiziae
sulfitobacter dubius
alkalibacterium gilvum
alkalibacterium subtropicum
maribius pelagius
thalassobius aestuarii
gulbenkiania indica
microbacterium enclensis
enterobacter oryziphilus
actinokineospora terrae
aquificae bacterium
campylobacteriales bacterium
thermotogae bacterium
pseudomonas lurida
parvarchaeota archaeon
thermoactinomyces vulgaris
arthrobacter indicum
dpulchra bleached
fictibacillus enclensis
exiguobacterium enclensis
alpena fountain
lactobacillus apis
bacillus enclensis
muricauda zhangzhouensis
halorubrum sodomense
paracoccus alkenifer
marinomonas fungiae
enterobacter oryzendophyticus
rhizobium miluonense
pseudomonas helmanticensis
halobacillus dabanensis
halomonas shengliensis
halorubrum xinjiangense
sphingomonas rubra
salegentibacter catena
halomonas subterranea
marinobacter mobilis
aquisalimonas asiatica
bacillus daliensis
gracilibacillus orientalis
amphibacillus marinus
alkalimonas amylolytica
halobellus clavatus
lentibacillus halodurans
cyclobacterium lianum
micrococcus terreus
flavobacterium urumqiense
planomicrobium glaciei
marinobacterium sediminicola
halomonas korlensis
flavobacterium xueshanense
nocardioides terrae
halomonas arcis
gracilibacillus ureilyticus
flavobacterium omnivorum
spongiibacterium flavum
algoriphagus zhangzhouensis
litoreibacter albidus
roseovarius halocynthiae
thalassobius maritimus
chryseolinea serpens
micromonospora narathiwatensis
salimicrobium album
litoreibacter janthinus
thermosipho melanesiensis
thermosipho affectus
corynebacterium amycolatum
corynebacterium xerosis
idiomarina woesei
thalassococcus halodurans
celeribacter neptunius
micromonospora auratinigra
micromonospora krabiensis
halorubrum aquaticum
cohaesibacter marisflavi
candidimonas bauzanensis
halomonas gudaonensis
halomonas xianhensis
hymenobacter psychrophilus
halomonas daqiaogenesis
yangia pacifica
pelagibacterium luteolum
pediococcus ethanolidurans
ruegeria marina
halomonas daqingensis
nostoc punctiforme
halogeometricum limi
haloplanus vescus
micromonospora zamorensis
halogranum gelatinilyticum
idiomarina maritima
deinococcus reticulitermitis
vibrio hangzhouensis
paracoccus chinensis
methylobacterium salsuginis
halolactibacillus alkaliphilums
bacillus qingdaonensis
paenibacillus algorifonticola
roseicitreum antarcticum
paracoccus halophilus
marinobacter zhejiangensis
halopelagius inordinatus
filomicrobium insigne
marinobacter gudaonensis
halogeometricum rufum
zhangella mobilis
kordiimonas lacus
natronorubrum sediminis
bhargavaea ginsengi
vibro xiamenensis
halogranum amylolyticum
marinobacter segnicrescens
arenibacter nanhaiticus
devosia psychrophila
thermus arciformis
halomonas saccharevitans
paenibacillus tianmuensis
halomonas caseinilytica
tessaracoccus oleiagri
gluconacetobacter rhaeticus
nitratireductor basaltis
yersinia frederiksenii
streptomyces fradiae
methanobrevibacter arboriphilus
bacillus vietnamensis
bacteroides neonati
negativicoccus succinicivorans
oceanobacillus manasiensis
oceanobacillus picturae
gorillibacterium massiliense
cronobacter helveticus
cronobacter zurichensis
corynebacterium jeddahense
flavobacterium reichenbachii
chryseobacterium formosense
chryseobacterium vrystaatense
flavobacterium hydatis
chryseobacterium soli
chryseobacterium luteum
halorubrum halophilum
halolamina rubra
halobellus rufus
rickettsia tamurae
microbacterium profundi
saprospiraceae bacterium
klebsiella quasipneumoniae
bacillus aquimaris
necropsobacter rosorum
paenirhodobacter enshiensis
bacillus thermoamylovorans
streptomyces mutabilis
thermoactinomyces daqus
halomonas xinjiangensis
colwellia psychrerythraea
acidicaldus organivorans
criblamydia sequanensis
acetobacter pomorum
xanthomonadaceae bacterium
nonlabens sediminis
paenibacillus wynnii
flavobacterium aquatile
chromohalobacter israelensis
pseudidiomarina donghaiensis
erythrobacter nanhaisediminis
bhargavaea beijingensis
trichococcus collinsii
trichococcus palustris
trichococcus pasteurii
microbulbifer donghaiensis
trichococcus flocculiformis
halobellus limi
bacillus solisalsi
flavobacterium sinopsychrotolerans
acidobacteriia bacterium
nocardioides bacterium
sphingobacteriales bacterium
chitinophagaceae bacterium
cryomorphaceae bacterium
hydrocarboniphaga daqingensis
rhodothermaceae bacterium
chlorobi bacterium
anaerolineales bacterium
phycisphaeraceae bacterium
planctomycetia bacterium
bdellovibrionaceae bacterium
bacteriovoracaceae bacterium
verrucomicrobiaceae bacterium
opitutaceae bacterium
sphingomonadaceae bacterium
anaerolineae bacterium
haloplanus aerogenes
shimia marina
halogranum rubrum
flavobacterium noncentrifugens
marinobacter pelagius
maribius salinus
roseovarius indicus
sulfitobacter brevis
aerococcus urinaehominis
alkalibacterium thalassium
alkalibacterium putridalgicola
alkalibacterium pelagium
marinilactibacillus psychrotolerans
dyadobacter soli
pseudomonas baetica
roseovarius tolerans
actinopolyspora mzabensis
actinopolyspora alba
myxococcus virescens
roseovarius crassostreae
actinopolyspora xinjiangensis
lentzea violacea
lentzea albida
niabella drilacis
fervidobacterium changbaicum
antarctobacter heliothermus
desulfonauticus submarinus
shimia haliotis
micromonospora mirobrigensis
muricauda antarctica
pedobacter nutrimenti
zobellia galactanivorans
castellaniella defragrans
geobacter metallireducens
peptoniphilus timonensis
acholeplasma palmae
acholeplasma brassicae
bacillus indicus
bacillus cibi
methanobrevibacter oralis
epilithonimonas lactis
halobacillus karajensis
halobacillus trueperi
hydrogenophaga intermedia
intestinibacter bartlettii
mycobacterium cosmeticum
mycobacterium vulneris
paucisalibacillus algeriensis
streptomyces toyocaensis
akkermansia muciniphila
clostridium saudii
clostridium jeddahense
clostridium sulfidigenes
chryseobacterium piperi
mycobacterium asiaticum
mycobacterium triplex
propionibacterium freudenreichii
photobacterium phosphoreum
streptomyces scabiei
bacillus massilioalgeriensis
clostridium dakarense
thioploca ingrica
eggerthella lenta
treponema phagedanis
rhodococcus aetherivorans
martelella endophytica
ralstonia mannitolilytica
sulfitobacter marinus
loktanella tamlensis
loktanella koreensis
micromonospora nigra
reichenbachiella faecimaris
syntrophaceticus schinkii
aerococcus suis
methanobrevibacter gottschalkii
methanobrevibacter thaueri
methanobrevibacter woesei
sanguibacter marinus
jannaschia rubra
micromonospora chaiyaphumensis
bosea lathyri
pedobacter caeni
thalassobius gelatinovorus
pedobacter piscium
algoriphagus ornithinivorans
maribacter orientalis
lactobacillus ginsenosidimutans
jannaschia helgolandensis
pedobacter africanus
dyadobacter koreensis
leeuwenhoekiella palythoae
salinimicrobium catena
aquimarina spongiae
fontimonas thermophila
bizionia echini
zunongwangia mangrovi
tropicibacter naphthalenivorans
methylophaga sulfidovorans
dendrosporobacter quercicolus
myroides guanonis
psychroflexus sediminis
pedobacter nyackensis
pedobacter soli
micromonospora humi
myroides profundi
aquimonas voraii
algoriphagus hitonicola
mucilaginibacter polytrichastri
pseudozobellia thermophila
mesonia phycicola
clostridium homopropionicum
roseovarius marinus
pedobacter suwonensis
kriegella aquimaris
salegentibacter agarivorans
sulfitobacter litoralis
sporomusa malonica
roseovarius lutimaris
micromonospora halophytica
loktanella fryxellensis
aequorivita viscosa
micromonospora marina
micromonospora sediminicola
jannaschia pohangensis
micromonospora saelicesensis
maribacter sedimenticola
hymenobacter actinosclerus
desulfovibrio mexicanus
pontibacter akesuensis
maribacter stanieri
bdellovibrionales bacterium
saccharibacterium bin
parcubacterium bin
gammaproteobacterium bin
desemzia incerta
aquimarina amphilecti
maribacter aquivivus
carnobacterium iners
spirosoma endophyticum
micromonospora haikouensis
dolosicoccus paucivorans
pedobacter rhizosphaerae
algoriphagus faecimaris
sporomusa acidovorans
nautella italica
desulfomicrobium apsheronum
micromonospora matsumotoense
micromonospora carbonacea
bizionia paragorgiae
tranquillimonas alkanivorans
loktanella salsilacus
pseudoruegeria lutimaris
chitinophaga rupis
caldicellulosiruptor bescii
micromonospora eburnea
geodermatophilus ruber
micromonospora peucetia
lutibacter flavus
azospirillum oryzae
lutibacter maritimus
micromonospora tulbaghiae
micromonospora rhizosphaerae
geodermatophilus saharensis
siphonobacter aquaeclarae
rhodothermus profundi
micromonospora inositola
bacillus aryabhattai
eubacterium callanderi
lachnoclostridium citroniae
succiniclasticum ruminis
eubacterium pyruvativorans
selenomonas ruminatium
ruaniaceae bacterium
lachnoclostridium lavalense
micromonospora yangpuensis
corynebacterium ammoniagenes
corynebacterium aquilae
corynebacterium phocae
corynebacterium sphenisci
corynebacterium stationis
micromonospora rifamycinica
micromonospora echinaurantiaca
micromonospora echinofusca
micromonospora citrea
hymenobacter gelipurpurascens
stenotrophomonas pavanii
micromonospora coxensis
micromonospora chokoriensis
micromonospora chersina
micromonospora coriariae
agrococcus baldri
microbacterium testaceum
paenisporosarcina quisquiliarum
deltaproteobacteria bacterium
octadecabacter temperatus
berkelbacteria bacterium
peregrinibacteria bacterium
endozoicomonas ascidiicola
gammaproteobacteia spp
gammaproteobacteria endosymbiont
propionicimonas paludicola
serinibacter salmoneus
microbacterium agarici
corynebacterium renale
sanguibacter antarcticus
xanthomonas euvesicatoria
bifidobacterium pseudolongum
dokdonia donghaensis
chromobacterium piscinae
rickettsia felis
mycobacterium heraklionense
clostridium novyi
flavihumibacter petaseus
xanthomonas perforans
sanguibacteroides justesenii
burkholderia glathei
orientia tstsugamushi
xanthomonas gardneri
paenibacillus dauci
vitellibacter vladivostokensis
orientia tsutsugamushi
flavihumibacter solisilvae
blochmannia endosymbiont
lactobacillus koreensis
lysinibacillus massiliensis
sphingobacteriaceae bacterium
methanosarcina siciliae
maribacter thermophilus
neisseria elongata
collimonas arenae
burkholderia ubonensis
ureaplasma parvum
streptococcus phocae
erythrobacter gangjinensis
campylobacter subantarcticus
bacillus aerophilus
bacillaceae bacterium
mycobacterium conceptionense
serpens flexibilis
aliivibrio wodanis
geofilum rubicundum
mycobacterium senegalense
pontibacillus litoralis
pontibacter korlensis
mycobacterium setense
pseudoalteromonas elyakovii
chromobacterium vaccinii
skermanella aerolata
rickettsia endosymbiont
porphyromonadaceae bacterium
rickettsia argasii
aphanocapsa montana
oceanobacillus oncorhynchi
serratia ureilytica
trichodesmium erythraeum
legionella massiliensis
pseudomonas rhodesiae
xenorhabdus poinarii
xanthomonas vesicatoria
pontibacillus chungwhensis
methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus
arenimonas malthae
campylobacter lari
actinobacillus equuli
pseudoalteromonas distincta
chelonobacter oris
methylobacterium oryzae
yersinia aldovae
lactobacillus spicheri
aureimonas altamirensis
staphylococcus microti
burkholderia sacchari
streptomonospora alba
campylobacter peloridis
methanosarcina thermophila
erwinia oleae
nocardioides simplex
pediococcus damnosus
trichodesmium thiebautii
paenibacillus beijingensis
anoxybacillus gonensis
ornithinibacillus californiensis
lysobacter daejeonensis
yersinia intermedia
mesorhizobium plurifarium
lysinibacillus odysseyi
acinetobacter harbinensis
methanosarcina horonobensis
corynebacterium auriscanis
sanguibacter soli
georgenia soli
nocardia fluminea
arthrobacter mysorens
saccharopolyspora antimicrobica
micromonospora purpureochromogenes
amycolatopsis niigatensis
pseudonocardia alni
bacillus alveayuensis
mycobacterium kyorinense
tetrasphaera duodecadis
micromonospora cremea
isoptericola jiangsuensis
moorea producens
amycolatopsis sulphurea
ochrobactrum haematophilum
actinomyces radingae
jiangella alba
bacillus invictae
sphingomonas parapaucimobilis
flavobacterium beibuense
bacillus niacini
sphingomonas taxi
erwinia piriflorinigrans
anaerobacillus macyae
lactobacillus mellifer
mastigocladus laminosus
vibrio mytili
spiroplasma eriocheiris
bacillus subterraneus
campylobacter insulaenigrae
knoellia flava
pseudomonas amygdali
corynebacterium kroppenstedtii
corynebacterium marinum
pedobacter kyungheensis
lysinibacillus manganicus
luteibacter rhizovicinus
arthrobacter chlorophenolicus
bacillus campisalis
arcobacter anaerophilus
bacillus stratosphericus
streptococcus hongkongensis
agreia bicolorata
erythrobacter marinus
chromobacterium violaceum
porphyromonas canoris
gynuella sunshinyii
methylobacterium radiotolerans
paenibacillus borealis
thalassomonas viridans
luteimonas oceanisediminis
muricauda lutaonensis
burkholderia ambifaria
chromobacterium subtsugae
knoellia sinensis
bacillus pseudalcaliphilus
pseudomonas frederiksbergensis
halococcus sediminicola
methanosarcina barkeri
kangiella geojedonensis
mycobacterium chlorophenolicum
actinopolyspora erythraea
thermoactinomycetaceae bacterium
aeribacillus pallidus
bacillus thermotolerans
jeotgalibacillus soli
clostridium acetobutylicum
chromohalobacter japonicus
tepidimonas taiwanensis
staphylococcus carnosus
jeotgalibacillus alimentarius
azospirillum thiophilum
rickettsia hoogstraalii
lysinibacillus sinduriensis
mycobacterium nebraskense
tamlana nanhaiensis
cellulomonas cellasea
methanosarcina lacustris
devosia chinhatensis
gilvimarinus agarilyticus
methyloceanibacter caenitepidi
mycobacterium bohemicum
campylobacter volucris
xenorhabdus griffiniae
thalassomonas actiniarum
paenibacillus odorifer
kocuria marina
psychroserpens mesophilus
clostridium baratii
clostridium cylindrosporum
tetrasphaera jenkinsii
frischella perrara
mycoplasma meleagridis
terrisporobacter othiniensis
lactobacillus panis
methanococcoides methylutens
burkholderia lata
rickettsia bellii
microbacterium humi
alphaproteobacteria bacterium
friedmanniella luteola
actinomyces meyeri
agrococcus carbonis
corynebacterium coyleae
brevibacterium sandarakinum
arthrobacter alpinus
allokutzneria albata
thermomonospora chromogena
micromonospora siamensis
amycolatopsis keratiniphila
agrococcus jejuensis
carnobacterium viridans
haloactinobacterium album
arthrobacter equi
sphingobacterium wenxiniae
chitinophaga filiformis
pedobacter insulae
methanoculleus thermophilus
sediminibacterium ginsengisoli
sphingobacterium mizutaii
bosea lupini
poseidonocella sedimentorum
peptococcus niger
chitinophaga eiseniae
winogradskyella thalassocola
ignavigranum ruoffiae
roseivivax roseus
lentzea waywayandensis
pseudarcicella hirudinis
acidovorax konjaci
maricaulis salignorans
roseivivax sediminis
paracoccus homiensis
algoriphagus aquimarinus
cloacibacterium normanense
blastococcus desertis
clostridium gasigenes
isobaculum melis
ferrimonas sediminum
natribacillus halophilus
amycolatopsis regifaucium
marinobacterium georgiense
acidovorax wautersii
propionispora vibrioides
amycolatopsis saalfeldensis
arcanobacterium phocae
amycolatopsis lurida
streptomyces griseus
microterricola viridarii
agromyces flavus
corynebacterium mycetoides
friedmanniella sagamiharensis
syntrophus gentianae
actinomadura echinospora
clostridium irregulare
fontibacillus panacisegetis
clostridium aminovalericum
salinihabitans flavidus
acidovorax cattleyae
aneurinibacillus thermoaerophilus
acidovorax caeni
clostridium frigidicarnis
sulfitobacter delicatus
rhodococcus koreensis
microbacterium hydrocarbonoxydans
branchiibius hedensis
tsukamurella pulmonis
phycicoccus dokdonensis
streptomyces misionensis
mycoplasma canadense
methylobacterium aquaticum
erythrobacter vulgaris
streptomyces europaeiscabiei
chryseobacterium solincola
lysobacter dokdonensis
yersinia rohdei
morococcus cerebrosus
lysobacter arseniciresistens
bacillus marisflavi
pluralibacter gergoviae
knoellia subterranea
kiloniella spongiae
geoglobus acetivorans
microbacterium pygmaeum
brevibacterium siliguriense
actinopolyspora saharensis
lentisphaerae bacterium
nitrospinae bacterium
amycolatopsis tolypomycina
pisciglobus halotolerans
clostridium lituseburense
oleiphilus messinensis
marmoricola scoriae
gluconacetobacter intermedius
tetrasphaera australiensis
pontibacillus yanchengensis
lyngbya confervoides
enterobacter ludwigii
tamlana sedimentorum
catabacter hongkongensis
domibacillus indicus
sulfolobus solfataricus
halocynthiibacter namhaensis
micropolyspora internatus
actinotalea fermentans
erythrobacter citreus
gallaecimonas pentaromativorans
cyclobacterium amurskyense
bacillus vanillea
bacillus badius
bordetella avium
cellulomonas carbonis
burkholderia zhejiangensis
kordia jejudonensis
sphingobium japonicum
mycobacterium heckeshornense
streptococcus sinensis
parachlamydiaceae bacterium
actinoplanes utahensis
bacillus bombysepticus
yersinia aleksiciae
novosphingobium subterraneum
afipia massiliensis
streptomyces stelliscabiei
brevibacterium flavum
pantoea anthophila
clostridium haemolyticum
deinococcus soli
haloarcula salaria
mycobacterium arupense
tolypothrix campylonemoides
sporosarcina koreensis
allosalinactinospora lopnorensis
domibacillus enclensis
devosia insulae
kocuria polaris
mycobacterium immunogenum
oenococcus alcoholitolerans
devosia geojensis
mycobacterium llatzerense
parachlamydia acanthamoebae
moellerella wisconsensis
xanthomonas pisi
lysinibacillus macroides
streptomyces galbus
mycobacterium obuense
clavibacter michiganensis
lactobacillus fructivorans
streptomyces natalensis
pandoraea apista
domibacillus robiginosus
sphingomonas changbaiensis
sphingobium chungbukense
methylobacterium tarhaniae
bacillus okhensis
methylobacterium variabile
marinobacter psychrophilus
haloalkaliphilic bacterium
micromonospora pallida
mycobacterium rutilum
flexibacter ruber
marinilactibacillus piezotolerans
acidovorax anthurii
paracoccus alcaliphilus
micromonospora inyonensis
auraticoccus monumenti
nakamurella panacisegetis
actinopolymorpha singaporensis
pseudomonas azotoformans
sinobaca qinghaiensis
natronorubrum texcoconense
chitinophaga niabensis
pelosinus propionicus
hyphomicrobium facile
pseudomonas deceptionensis
chitinophaga arvensicola
desulfoglaeba alkanexedens
robiginitalea myxolifaciens
natronobacterium texcoconense
microlunatus soli
terribacillus saccharophilus
loktanella pyoseonensis
pseudomonas arsenicoxydans
halopiger aswanensis
micromonospora viridifaciens
salimicrobium halophilum
pseudomonas antarctica
pedobacter metabolipauper
geodermatophilus poikilotrophi
hymenobacter arizonensis
xenorhabdus cabanillasii
microscilla marina
tatumella morbirosei
exiguobacterium mexicanum
tetrasphaera japonica
ferrovum myxofaciens
cryobacterium roopkundense
halorubrum saccharovorum
paenibacillus macerans
promicromonosporaceae bacterium
photobacterium sanctipauli
veillonella dispar
aeromicrobium massiliense
enhygromyxa salina
pseudomonas libanensis
halomonas taenensis
pseudomonas lini
elstera litoralis
pseudomonas koreensis
pseudomonas migulae
pseudomonas orientalis
pseudomonas gessardii
acidovorax delafieldii
pseudomonas cedrina
pseudomonas reinekei
halarsenatibacter silvermanii
halomonas aquamarina
pseudomonas thivervalensis
arthrobacter woluwensis
pseudomonas lundensis
pseudomonas marginalis
halostagnicola kamekurae
algoriphagus locisalis
natrinema salaciae
pseudomonas trivialis
pseudomonas palleroniana
jiangella alkaliphila
nocardioides exalbidus
tsukamurella tyrosinosolvens
pseudomonas jessenii
pseudomonas taetrolens
pseudomonas moorei
pseudomonas grimontii
pseudomonas kilonensis
geotoga petraea
streptomyces aureofaciens
capnocytophaga canimorsus
streptomyces roseochromogenes
kirrobacter mercurialis
xenorhabdus khoisanae
luteibacter yeojuensis
mycoplasma gallinaceum
knoellia aerolata
geobacter sulfurreducens
magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense
actinobacillus muris
raoultella ornithinolytica
aeromonas encheleia
aeromonas fluvialis
azotobacter chroococcum
streptococcus gordonii
aeromonas bivalvium
pseudomonas meliae
devosia epidermidihirudinis
chryseobacterium jeonii
polaribacter dokdonensis
clostridium argentinense
nitrospira moscoviensis
mycobacterium lepromatosis
siansivirga zeaxanthinifaciens
sunxiuqinia dokdonensis
lactobacillus melliventris
methylobacterium platani
chlamydophila abortus
sulfurospirillum arsenophilum
campylobacter sputorum
staphylococcus succinus
aeromonas australiensis
rouxiella chamberiensis
aquitalea magnusonii
lysinibacillus xylanilyticus
delftia lacustris
endomicrobium proavitum
aeromonas sanarellii
thermus filiformis
vibrio diabolicus
bacillus murimartini
aeromonas schubertii
staphylococcus schleiferi
eubacterium fissicatena
paenibacillus stellifer
bacillus tuticoriensis
aeromonas sobria
pseudomonas proteolytica
pseudomonas panacis
amycolatopsis australiensis
methanolobus profundi
halanaerobium congolense
eubacterium barkeri
arthrobacter subterraneus
fuchsiella alkaliacetigena
nitrosospira lacus
rhodococcus jostii
eubacterium limosum
methanolobus vulcani
idiomarina abyssalis
polynucleobacter cosmopolitanus
eubacterium aggregans
achromatium bin
methanohalophilus halophilus
burkholderia caribensis
idiomarina zobellii
agromyces like
rhodococcus maanshanensis
microbacterium azadirachtae
cyanobacteria bacterium
staphylococcus condimenti
pseudomonas abietaniphila
croceitalea dokdonensis
aeromonas tecta
clostridia bacterium
chryseobacterium angstadtii
orientia chuto
mycobacterium celatum
thermanaerothrix daxensis
ferriphaselus amnicola
helicobacter pullorum
ornithinibacillus contaminans
desulfovibrio vulgaris
microcystis panniformis
scytonema tolypothrichoides
bacillus decisifrondis
pseudomonas coronafaciens
bacillus butanolivorans
bacillus selenatarsenatis
campylobacter gracilis
herbaspirillum chlorophenolicum
nocardia vulneris
mycobacterium haemophilum
streptococcus pasteurianus
comamonas kerstersii
komagataeibacter europaeus
corynebacterium lactis
stenotrophomonas acidaminiphila
pseudoalteromonas porphyrae
halopiger salifodinae
nocardia pseudobrasiliensis
bacteroidia bacterium
cellulosimicrobium funkei
aliiroseovarius crassostreae
luteipulveratus mongoliensis
magnetospirillum magnetotacticum
neptunomonas antarctica
serratia rubidaea
veillonella tobetsuensis
bacillus plakortidis
bradyrhizobium manausense
photobacterium gaetbulicola
vibrio anguillarum
sulfurospirillum cavolei
pseudomonas xanthomarina
clostridium purinilyticum
kosmotoga pacifica
gordonia jacobaea
aeromonas eucrenophila
herbaspirillum hiltneri
sporosarcina globispora
erwinia billingiae
arenimonas metalli
vulgatibacter incomptus
aeromonas rivuli
streptomyces pactum
paenibacillus wulumuqiensis
corynebacterium minutissimum
ruminiclostridium thermocellum
pseudomonas costantinii
polynucleobacter rarus
flavobacterium bacterium
salinicoccus roseus
aquincola tertiaricarbonis
kocuria kristinae
thermus aquaticus
vibrio hepatarius
salinivibrio halophilus
erwinia typographi
trabulsiella odontotermitis
methanosarcina vacuolata
cellvibrio mixtus
erwinia iniecta
pandoraea thiooxydans
aestuariivita boseongensis
moritella viscosa
flavobacterium akiainvivens
thiobacillus prosperus
amantichitinum ursilacus
arthrobacter siccitolerans
flavobacterium hibernum
oceanobacillus caeni
corynebacterium striatum
aeromonas allosaccharophila
polyangium brachysporum
spiroplasma poulsonii
dermabacter hominis
robinsoniella peoriensis
aeromonas piscicola
mycobacterium austroafricanum
chryseobacterium koreense
aeromonas simiae
altererythrobacter marensis
sulfurovum lithotrophicum
geobacter soli
photobacterium swingsii
bacillus cytotoxicus
pantoea vagans
vibrio lentus
anoxybacillus thermarum
bacillus okuhidensis
altererythrobacter epoxidivorans
bacteroides eggerthii
bacillus koreensis
gilvimarinus polysaccharolyticus
marinobacter subterrani
pseudomonas batumici
flammeovirga pacifica
aeromonas popoffii
halarchaeum acidiphilum
mannheimia massilioguelmaensis
defluviitoga tunisiensis
methylococcaceae bacterium
leucobacter komagatae
streptomyces acidiscabies
lysinibacillus contaminans
streptomyces leeuwenhoekii
nostoc piscinale
pseudoalteromonas tetraodonis
ardenticatena maritima
chroococcales cyanobacterium
tatlockia micdadei
kosakonia oryzae
herbaspirillum rubrisubalbicans
brevibacillus choshinensis
kluyvera cryocrescens
campylobacter iguaniorum
fusobacterium hwasookii
lactobacillus hokkaidonensis
psychrobacter urativorans
pseudomonas toyotomiensis
cupriavidus pauculus
mycobacterium goodii
dysgonomonas macrotermitis
sporocytophaga myxococcoides
viridibacillus arvi
bacillus shackletonii
jeotgalibacillus marinus
cellulomonas bogoriensis
lactobacillus acetotolerans
desulfosporosinus acididurans
desulfovibrio indicus
clostridium neopropionicum
clostridium coskatii
butyribacterium methylotrophicum
clostridium tepidiprofundi
moorella mulderi
tissierella creatinophila
clostridium thermobutyricum
mycobacterium chimaera
mucilaginibacter gossypii
burkholderia sartisoli
marinobacter persicus
pleomorphomonas diazotrophica
aureimonas jatrophae
lentibacillus persicus
mucilaginibacter gossypiicola
izhakiella capsodis
tindallia californiensis
tindallia magadiensis
rhodanobacter glycinis
cyclobacterium halophilum
burkholderia palmae
bacillus persicus
alloactinosynnema iranicum
halopenitus malekzadehii
burkholderia caballeronis
methylobacterium phyllostachyos
alloactinosynnema album
arachidicoccus rhizosphaerae
halovenus aranensis
halorientalis regularis
thauera chlorobenzoica
haloarchaeobius iranensis
methylobacterium gossipiicola
methylobacterium phyllosphaerae
moraxellaceae bacterium
acidimicrobiia bacterium
burkholderia phenazinium
rosenbergiella nectarea
bacillus salsus
kosakonia diazotrophica
duganella sacchari
kosakonia arachidis
bacillus iranensis
uncultured bacterium
hydrogenophaga bacterium
unclassified gammaproteobacterium
unclassified euryarchaeota
raineyella antarctica
stenotrophomonas rhizoplanae
endozoicomonas arenosclerae
actinomyces denticolens
desulfovibrio legallii
lachnoclostridium contortum
roseivirga echinicomitans
roseivirga spongicola
acetitomaculum ruminis
novosphingobium barchaimii
sphingobium czechense
paenibacillus naphthalenovorans
sphingopyxis macrogoltabida
mycobacterium elephantis
achromobacter spanius
paenibacillus apiaries
pseudoalteromonas translucida
desulfocarbo indianensis
halolamina pelagica
bacterium of
jiangella muralis
aeromonas bestiarum
bacilli bacterium
photorhabdus heterorhabditis
arthrobacter arilaitensis
devosia soli
gulbenkiania mobilis
brevibacillus formosus
devosia subaequoris
burkholderia cordobensis
herbaspirillum autotrophicum
bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi
wenzhouxiangella marina
corynebacterium riegelii
microbacterium chocolatum
bosea vaviloviae
herbaspirillum rhizosphaerae
celeribacter marinus
brevibacillus reuszeri
virgibacillus pantothenticus
dichelobacter nodosus
acetobacterium bakii
streptomyces roseus
nocardioides luteus
scardovia wiggsiae
halomonas pantelleriensis
streptomyces pini
aureimonas phyllosphaerae
desulfoluna spongiiphila
piscibacillus halophilus
limimonas halophila
halopenitus persicus
alteribacillus bidgolensis
oceanobacillus limi
burkholderia tropica
hydrogenimonas thermophila
halobacillus alkaliphilus
roseivirga seohaensis
sporomusa sphaeroides
chlamydiae bacterium
acidithiobacillales bacterium
nitrospira bacterium
myxococcales bacterium
thiotrichales bacterium
rufibacter tibetensis
lactobacillus farciminis
altererythrobacter atlanticus
weissella cibaria
legionella hackeliae
beggiatoa leptomitiformis
legionella fallonii
pandoraea faecigallinarum
halanaeroarchaeum sulfurireducens
clostridium carboxidivorans
corynebacterium deserti
croceicoccus naphthovorans
xenorhabdus bovienii
desulfobacterales bacterium
hadesarchaea archaeon
burkholderia diazotrophica
burkholderia terricola
ornithinibacillus halophilus
halorientalis persicus
methylobacterium pseudosasicola
geobacillus thermantarcticus
paenibacillus phyllostachyicola
lachnoclostridium oroticum
clostridium cochlearium
peptostreptococcus russellii
thermococcus thioreducens
bradyrhizobium arachidis
lachnoclostridium clostridioforme
anoxybacillus pushchinoensis
tenerivirgula tenue
halomonas sinaiensis
alteribacillus persepolensis
acidaminococcus fermentens
methylophilus rhizosphaerae
aliicoccus persicus
bacillus rhizosphaerae
woesearchaeota archaeum
lactobacillus camelliae
pseudomonadaceae bacterium
campylobacter hyointestinalis
corynebacterium jeikeium
ensifer sojae
lactobacillus tucceti
legionella drozanskii
legionella jordanis
lactobacillus diolivorans
demequina lutea
streptomyces hirsutus
lactobacillus homohiochii
unclassified bacterium
lachnospira pectinoschiza
sphingomonas diazotrophica
sanguibacter gelidastatuaria
deferribacteres bacterium
streptomyces indigoferus
methylobacillus rhizosphaerae
stappia indica
thalassospira xiaminensis
pediococcus cellicola
lactobacillus kimchicus
fulvimarina pelagi
lactobacillus bifermentans
streptomyces almquistii
lactobacillus cellobiosus
bacteroides intestinalis
lactobacillus oligofermentans
flavobacterium glycines
legionella londiniensis
lactobacillus senioris
lactobacillus vaccinostercus
lactobacillus suntoryeus
lactobacillus hilgardii
legionella birminghamensis
streptomyces diastatochromogenes
lactobacillus parabuchneri
lactobacillus ozensis
streptomyces griseoplanus
legionella steigerwaltii
lactobacillus parakefiri
lactobacillus aviarius
helicobacter apodemus
legionella rubrilucens
pediococcus argentinicus
bifidobacterium indicum
lactobacillus brantae
methanogenic archaeon
lactobacillus zymae
lactobacillus sunkii
helicobacter ailurogastricus
pediococcus inopinatus
lactobacillus kalixensis
lactobacillus nantensis
legionella parisiensis
demequina aurantiaca
lactobacillus taiwanensis
peptoniphilaceae bacterium
pseudomonas citronellolis
lactobacillus mindensis
sinorhizobium fredii
legionella worsleiensis
fluoribacter bozemanae
streptomyces kanamyceticus
lactobacillus pasteurii
oscillatoria limnetica
uncultured parvibaculum
caulobacter bacterium
uncultured alpha
lactobacillus collinoides
legionella gratiana
legionella waltersii
nocardioides alpinus
oceanicola pacificus
sunxiuqinia elliptica
jeotgalicoccus halophilus
lentzea flaviverrucosa
streptomyces emeiensis
chryseobacterium taihuense
oceanicola nitratireducens
arthrobacter cupressi
neptunomonas qingdaonensis
verrucosispora sediminis
glycomyces harbinensis
pustulibacterium marinum
cryobacterium flavum
cryobacterium levicorallinum
streptomyces radiopugnans
thioclava dalianensis
lechevalieria fradiae
nocardioides psychrotolerans
flavobacterium xinjiangense
pseudomonas straminea
pseudomonas jinjuensis
pseudomonas yangmingensis
pseudomonas panipatensis
pseudomonas soli
pseudomonas congelans
pseudomonas composti
pseudomonas formosensis
pseudomonas linyingensis
pseudomonas chengduensis
pseudomonas aestusnigri
pseudomonas benzenivorans
pseudomonas indica
pseudomonas lutea
pseudomonas prosekii
pseudomonas flavescens
pseudomonas asturiensis
pseudomonas guguanensis
pseudomonas zeshuii
pseudomonas sagittaria
legionella oakridgensis
lactobacillus paucivorans
lactobacillus ghanensis
lactobacillus rennini
lactobacillus dextrinicus
streptomyces neyagawaensis
lactobacillus hordei
helicobacter typhlonius
lactobacillus senmaizukei
vibrio metoecus
yersinia pekkanenii
lutibacter profundi
hoeflea phototrophica
lactobacillus nasuensis
legionella santicrucis
vibrio hyugaensis
lactobacillus arizonensis
lactobacillus iners
nocardia farcinica
lactobacillus crustorum
citrobacter koseri
lactobacillus pantheris
streptomyces thermoautotrophicus
lactobacillus kimchiensis
lactobacillus saniviri
lactobacillus kefiri
streptomyces gibsonii
helicobacter muridarum
lactobacillus algidus
lactobacillus selangorensis
rhizobiaceae bacterium
uncultured beta
pseudomonas pachastrellae
pseudomonas cuatrocienegasensis
pseudomonas hussainii
pseudomonas marincola
pseudomonas guariconensis
pseudomonas salomonii
pseudomonas kunmingensis
haloterrigena saccharevitans
pseudomonas litoralis
methanomassiliicoccales archaeon
pseudomonas guangdongensis
pseudomonas mohnii
nitrosolobus multiformis
pseudomonas vancouverensis
pseudomonas mucidolens
pseudomonas sihuiensis
maribacter dokdonensis
tistlia consotaensis
halomonas ventosae
microbulbifer marinus
oligoflexus tunisiensis
marinobacter daqiaonensis
hydrogenoanaerobacterium saccharovorans
pseudomonas salegens
pseudomonas pohangensis
pseudomonas xinjiangensis
halomicrobium zhouii
fabibacter pacificus
marinobacter antarcticus
herbiconiux ginsengi
lishizhenia tianjinensis
mycetocola miduiensis
dongia mobilis
pseudomonas granadensis
unclassified archaeon
cellulosilyticum ruminicola
cryobacterium psychrotolerans
streptomyces alni
pseudonocardia oroxyli
amycolatopsis marina
albimonas pacifica
cryobacterium luteum
acetanaerobacterium elongatum
paenibacillus jilunlii
dokdonella immobilis
streptosporangium canum
pseudomonas guineae
pseudomonas asplenii
pseudomonas oryzae
pseudorhodobacter antarcticus
flavobacterium phragmitis
saccharopolyspora jiangxiensis
streptomyces guanduensis
oceanitalea nanhaiensis
streptomyces yanglinensis
streptomyces jietaisiensis
colwellia chukchiensis
lechevalieria xinjiangensis
salinicoccus qingdaoensis
massilia yuzhufengensis
streptomyces paucisporeus
paenibacillus taihuensis
streptomyces yunnanensis
paenibacillus typhae
oleispira antarctica
intestinimonas butyriciproducens
marinobacter similis
rhodovulum sulfidophilum
lactobacillus agilis
demequina flava
lactobacillus futsaii
lactobacillus aquaticus
lactobacillus sharpeae
legionella quateirensis
lactobacillus floricola
tsukamurella sunchonensis
lactobacillus vaginalis
bradyrhizobium liaoningense
pseudomonas endophytica
pediococcus stilesii
lactobacillus frumenti
yersinia nurmii
lactobacillus siliginis
legionella steelei
caenispirillum bisanense
halomonas taeanensis
isoptericola halotolerans
nesterenkonia sandarakina
meridianimaribacter flavus
pseudomonas yamanorum
gracilibacillus kekensis
streptomyces avidinii
roseovarius nanhaiticus
mucilaginibacter mallensis
pseudomonas saponiphila
microbulbifer yueqingensis
arenitalea lutea
streptomyces glauciniger
rhizobium tibeticum
chromohalobacter canadensis
streptomyces microflavus
caloramator quimbayensis
pseudomonas borbori
pseudomonas delhiensis
pseudomonas graminis
pseudomonas kuykendallii
pseudonocardia ammonioxydans
streptomyces rubidus
massilia namucuonensis
pseudomonas seleniipraecipitatus
pseudomonas punonensis
phycicoccus cremeus
pseudomonas peli
saccharopolyspora shandongensis
nitrosospira briensis
nitrosovibrio tenuis
nitrosomonas eutropha
nitrosomonas marina
pseudomonas argentinensis
virgibacillus subterraneus
glycomyces sambucus
nocardioides szechwanensis
pseudomonas segetis
chitinophaga costaii
mucilaginibacter pineti
pinastrimonas cellulosilyticum
dethiosulfovibrio salsuginis
burkholderia aspalathi
burkholderia megapolitana
halorubrum lacusprofundi
nitrosomonas ureae
nitrosomonas oligotropha
nitrosomonas crytolerans
nitrosomonas aestuarii
faunomonas pinastri
halopelagius longus
virgibacillus salinus
brevundimonas viscosa
nitrosomonas nitrosa
acinetobacter kookii
acinetobacter seohaensis
pelagirhabdus alkalitolerans
alicycliphilus propanilivorax
bacillus lonarensis
pontibacter chinhatensis
parapedobacter koreensis
rhizobium pusense
rhodopseudomonas pseudopalustris
acinetobacter boissieri
acinetobacter albensis
parapedobacter indicus
cupriavidus alkaliphilus
acinetobacter puyangensis
ectothiorhodospira marismortui
tessaracoccus flava
lactobacillus satsumensis
demequina salsinemoris
lactobacillus paracollinoides
streptomyces bambergiensis
erwinia gerundensis
jannaschia donghaensis
bacillus circulans
streptacidiphilus anmyonensis
vibrio tritonius
photobacterium aphoticum
lactobacillus odoratitofui
coxiellaceae bacterium
lactobacillus concavus
lactobacillus secaliphilus
pseudomonas ficuserectae
streptomyces cyanoalbus
mizugakiibacter sediminis
lactobacillus antri
mycoplasmataceae bacterium
lactobacillus amylolyticus
microbacterium ginsengisoli
kitasatospora griseola
streptacidiphilus neutrinimicus
sutterellaceae bacterium
mycoplasma mycoides
weissella minor
lactobacillus graminis
helicobacter trogontum
psychrobacter glacincola
pseudomonas sabulinigri
clostridium sphenoides
sediminibacillus albus
enterobacter oryzae
pseudomonas coleopterorum
tenuibacillus multivorans
paenibacillus catalpae
aestuariibacter aggregatus
pantoea sesami
paenibacillus methanoliterens
rhodococcus triatomae
thalassobacillus cyri
rhodococcus tukisamuensis
ectothiorhodospira marina
roseospirillum parvum
salipaulidibacillus auranticus
rhodospira trueperi
rhodococcus kyotonensis
salibacterium halotolerans
bacillus caseinilyticus
salisediminibacterium haloalkalitolerans
flavobacterium ummariense
methylocapsa palsarum
burkholderia lycopersici
allochromatium warmingii
acinetobacter pakistanensis
algoriella xinjiangensis
acinetobacter kyonggiensis
nitrosomonas halophila
nitrosomonas communis
prauserella marina
amycolatopsis xylanica
yuhushiella deserti
friedmanniella flavus
cellulomonas marina
streptomyces qinglanensis
nocardioides liancheng
actinopolymorpha cephalotaxi
asanoa hainanensis
nonomuraea wenchangensis
streptomyces aidinglake
streptomyces wuyuanensis
virgibacillus chiguensis
mesorhziobium muleiense
nonomuraea maritima
anaerobium acetethylicum
streptomyces indicus
halobacillus aidingensis
lentzea jiangxiensis
nocardiopsis flavescens
streptacidiphilus jiangxiensis
salinibacillus kushneri
xiangella phaseoli
streptomyces harbinensis
ectothiorhodospira magna
sinosporangium album
bosea robiniae
sphingobacterium lactis
marininema halotolerans
terribacillus halophilus
pseudospirillum japonicum
paracoccus isoporae
amycolatopsis pretoriensis
chryseobacterium taichungense
flaviramulus basaltis
actinobaculum suis
jannaschia seohaensis
mooreia alkaloidigena
lihuaxuella thermophila
riemerella columbipharyngis
psychroflexus halocasei
desulfomicrobium norvegicum
roseivivax halotolerans
flexibacter flexilis
clostridium fimetarium
psychrobacillus psychrodurans
lutimaribacter saemankumensis
pasteurella skyensis
ulvibacter litoralis
myroides phaeus
actinoplanes philippinensis
parapedobacter composti
reinekea marinisedimentorum
halolactibacillus miurensis
pedobacter terrae
desulfosporosinus hippei
amycolatopsis sacchari
pedobacter ruber
thermoflavimicrobium dichotomicum
clostridium uliginosum
acidovorax soli
halolactibacillus halophilus
collimonas fungivorans
caldimonas taiwanensis
citrobacter braakii
syntrophomonas zehnderi
nesterenkonia jeotgali
yersinia mollaretii
caulobacter vibrioides
piscibacillus salipiscarius
burkholderiales bacterium
bacillus malacitensis
vibrio nereis
acetobacter ghanensis
pseudoalteromonas spiralis
methylogaea oryzae
gordonia hydrophobica
halomonas hydrothermalis
halobacterium hubeiense
pseudoalteromonas arabiensis
actinomadura chibensis
dietzia cinnamea
serinicoccus chungangensis
labrenzia alba
jeotgalibaca dankookensis
nocardia puris
staphylococcus agnetis
brevibacterium epidermidis
brucella vulpis
aquiluna antarctica
devosia crocina
planctomicrobium piriforme
amycolatopsis rubida
pedobacter steynii
jhaorihella thermophila
facklamia miroungae
lysobacter enzymogenes
azoarcus tolulyticus
mucilaginibacter lappiensis
paracoccus thiocyanatus
tetrasphaera remsis
acidiphilium rubrum
oerskovia enterophila
ectothiorhodosinus mongolicus
edaphobacillus lindanitolerans
luteimonas tolerans
cellulosimicrobium aquatile
pontibacter indicus
microbispora rosea
halanaerobium kushneri
paenibacillus macquariensis
enterobacter kobei
legionella gormanii
shewanella morhuae
pontibacter lucknowensis
pontibacter ramchanderi
haladaptatus litoreus
haloterrigena daqingensis
natronorubrum thiooxidans
williamsia sterculiae
loktanella rosea
moraxella cuniculi
pontibaca methylaminivorans
litoreibacter meonggei
litoreibacter halocynthiae
chryseobacterium daecheongense
chryseobacterium defluvii
hasllibacter halocynthiae
cupriavidus plantarum
zwartia alpina
hydrogenivirga caldilitoris
mycobacterium litorale
actinophytocola xinjiangensis
piscicoccus intestinalis
aerococcus urinae
enterococcus pseudoavium
novosphingobium capsulatum
sphingomonas mali
enterobacter gergoviae
nocardia jejuensis
nocardia vaccinii
janibacter anophelis
geobacillus jurassicus
nocardia fusca
pseudovibrio denitrificans
thermococcus guaymasensis
burkholderia contaminans
bacillus novalis
enterococcus canis
paenibacillus pabuli
hydrogenophaga palleronii
methanogenium cariaci
vulcanisaeta distributa
lysinibacillus parviboronicapiens
metallosphaera hakonensis
thermococcus peptonophilus
sulfolobus metallicus
brachybacterium zhongshanense
catenuloplanes atrovinosus
mycobacterium hodleri
lachnoanaerobaculum saburreum
aerococcus christensenii
fusobacterium equinum
lactobacillus amylovorus
lactobacillus oeni
legionella nautarum
legionella spiritensis
streptobacillus felis
chryseobacterium pallidum
chryseobacterium shigense
chryseobacterium joostei
thalassobius mediterraneus
insolitispirillum peregrinum
chryseobacterium ureilyticum
salimicrobium flavidum
kroppenstedtia eburnea
rhodobacter vinaykumarii
chryseobacterium piscicola
oleibacter marinus
rhodobacter aestuarii
tropicimonas sediminicola
salimicrobium salexigens
chryseobacterium chaponense
granulicella rosea
maribacter ulvicola
alicyclobacillus vulcanalis
chryseobacterium indoltheticum
rhodobacter megalophilus
filimonas lacunae
gemmobacter megaterium
corynebacterium afermentans
belliella pelovolcani
roseivivax lentus
chryseobacterium gambrini
paracoccus saliphilus
micromonospora avicenniae
chryseobacterium balustinum
desulfobacterium vacuolatum
thermococcus barophilus
mycobacterium lentiflavum
gluconobacter japonicus
aquabacterium parvum
sinomonas atrocyanea
corynebacteriales bacterium
mycobacterium nonchromogenicum
acetobacter senegalensis
methanofollis ethanolicus
arcobacter skirrowii
streptomyces kanasensis
grimontia marina
halalkalicoccus paucihalophilus
streptomyces ciscaucasicus
aminobacter aminovorans
thermococcus celericrescens
methanobrevibacter filiformis
methanobrevibacter curvatus
methanobrevibacter cuticularis
chryseobacterium wanjuense
thiocapsa roseopersicina
xenorhabdus koppenhoeferi
xenorhabdus japonica
chryseobacterium hominis
pseudovibrio axinellae
xenorhabdus mauleonii
granulicatella balaenopterae
donghicola eburneus
chryseobacterium frigidisoli
limnohabitans curvus
chryseobacterium humi
pricia antarctica
clostridium tetanomorphum
marinococcus luteus
chryseobacterium soldanellicola
hyunsoonleella jejuensis
chryseobacterium hungaricum
chryseobacterium oleae
lactobacillus kullabergensis
lactobacillus helsinborgensis
snodgrasella alvi
bryocella elongata
kushneria avicenniae
chryseobacterium jejuense
salisediminibacterium halotolerans
alteromonas stellipolaris
halomonas chromatireducens
desulfomicrobium orale
actinomyces oris
ochrobactrum pseudogrignonense
collimonas pratensis
solibacillus silvestris
desulfovibrio fairfieldensis
pseudoalteromonas issachenkonii
lacimicrobium alkaliphilum
sphingopyxis terrae
psychrobacter alimentarius
pandoraea norimbergensis
rummeliibacillus stabekisii
bacillus paralicheniformis
roseateles depolymerans
pseudoalteromonas phenolica
edaphobacter bacterium
methylibium bacterium
sphingomonas bacterium
acidimicrobiales bacterium
devosia bacterium
caulobacteraceae bacterium
frankiaceae bacterium
rhodoplanes bacterium
kaistobacter bacterium
mesorhizobium bacterium
agrobacterium bacterium
sphingopyxis granuli
dyella thiooxydans
moraxella ovis
bacillus velezensis
fictibacillus phosphorivorans
capnocytophaga haemolytica
dokdonella koreensis
planococcus rifietoensis
azospirillum humicireducens
pseudohongiella spirulinae
ramlibacter tataouinensis
limnochorda pilosa
cupriavidus nantongensis
corynebacterium simulans
asaia bogorensis
marinobacter salarius
sporosarcina psychrophila
obesumbacterium proteus
bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens
defluviimonas alba
halomonas huangheensis
moraxella osloensis
kocuria palustris
aerococcus sanguinicola
isoptericola dokdonensis
paenibacillus glucanolyticus
geobacter anodireducens
thermus parvatiensis
aeromicrobium erythreum
actinomyces radicidentis
alteromonas mediterranea
helicobacter himalayensis
methylophilales bacterium
burkholderia plantarii
mycobacterium microti
pseudomonas silesiensis
enterococcus silesiacus
enterococcus rotai
lysobacter gummosus
kocuria turfanensis
enterobacteriaceae symbiont
alteromonas addita
desulfovibrio singaporenus
clostridium acetireducens
granulicella pectinivorans
roseovarius sediminilitoris
loktanella litorea
pseudomonadales bacterium
lysinimicrobium mangrovi
ekhidna lutea
geodermatophilus luedemannii
poseidonocella pacifica
chryseobacterium treverense
pimelobacter simplex
pseudomonas anguilliseptica
chryseobacterium culicis
psychrobacillus psychrotolerans
salinicoccus halodurans
arcobacter lanthieri
acinetobacter apis
arcobacter faecis
clostridium beijerenckii
pedobacter alluvionis
chryseobacterium scophthalmum
mycoplasma mustelae
asanoa ishikariensis
acetobacterium wieringae
acinetobacter genomosp
mycobacterium europaeum
desulfatitalea tepidiphila
mycobacterium neworleansense
chloracidobacterium thermophilum
phenylobacterium immobile
paenibacillus amylolyticus
exiguobacterium enclense
bacillus clausii
curtobacterium ammoniigenes
providencia heimbachae
janibacter terrae
sterolibacterium denitrificans
bordetella ansorpii
deinococcus grandis
helcobacillus massiliensis
komagataeibacter xylinus
janibacter melonis
actinomyces odontolyticus
roseimaritima ulvae
weissella viridescens
anoxybacillus amylolyticus
demequina oxidasica
demequina globuliformis
demequina aestuarii
demequina sediminicola
streptomyces turgidiscabies
streptomyces prasinopilosus
legionella brunensis
streptomyces pathocidini
streptomyces flocculus
bradyrhizobium erythrophlei
arboriscoccus pini
lactobacillus thailandensis
streptomyces prasinus
streptomyces graminilatus
legionella cincinnatiensis
edwardsiella piscicida
bradyrhizobium lablabi
albimonas donghaensis
aquimarina intermedia
aidingimonas halophila
micromonospora pattaloongensis
lentibacter algarum
marinobacterium lutimaris
paracoccus sanguinis
flavobacterium urocaniciphilum
geodermatophilus ramli
maritimibacter alkaliphilus
roseobacter denitrificans
halobiforma haloterrestris
rhodococcus kroppenstedtii
cribrihabitans marinus
olleya namhaensis
parabacteroides chinchillae
roseivivax marinus
hydrobacter penzbergensis
marininema mesophilum
pedobacter hartonius
flavobacterium degerlachei
roseovarius azorensis
parafilimonas terrae
stigmatella erecta
jannaschia faecimaris
rhodonellum ikkaensis
thermophagus xiamenensis
salipiger nanhaiensis
stigmatella aurantiaca
lutibacter oricola
defluviimonas indica
caldicoprobacter faecalis
rubrimonas cliftonensis
citreimonas salinaria
flavobacterium aquidurense
lewinella agarilytica
flavobacterium gillisiae
bradyrhizobium canariense
bradyrhizobium ottawaense
ignavibacteriales bacterium
phyllobacteriaceae bacterium
rickettsiaceae bacterium
halolamina sediminis
brenneria goodwinii
legionella feeleii
legionella tucsonensis
lactobacillus amylophilus
legionella adelaidensis
legionella erythra
lactobacillus amylotrophicus
streptomyces luridiscabiei
chryseobacterium carnipullorum
salegentibacter echinorum
flavobacterium granuli
prevotella pallens
flavobacterium fryxellicola
paracoccus solventivorans
lutimaribacter pacificus
loktanella atrilutea
sediminitomix flava
chryseobacterium arachidis
bacteroides luti
cnuella takakiae
psychroflexus salarius
aliifodinibius roseus
litoreibacter ascidiaceicola
ruegeria intermedia
seinonella peptonophila
clostridium fallax
streptoalloteichus hindustanus
mariniphaga anaerophila
chryseobacterium takakiae
sulfitobacter pseudonitzschiae
flavobacterium fontis
flavobacterium araucananum
jatrophihabitans endophyticus
tenacibaculum mesophilum
geodermatophilus nigrescens
paenibacillus cineris
flavobacterium fluvii
flavobacterium segetis
flavobacterium defluvii
flavobacterium micromati
flavobacterium frigidimaris
flexibacter aurantiacus
acetomicrobium flavidum
bacteroides clarus
loktanella maricola
uncultured soil
mangrovibacterium diazotrophicum
winogradskyella jejuensis
halobaculum gomorrense
loktanella sediminum
sediminibacterium goheungense
marivita hallyeonensis
flavobacterium haoranii
flavobacterium cutihirudinis
flavobacterium dankookense
wenyingzhuangia marina
sulfurivirga caldicuralii
chryseobacterium zeae
wenxinia saemankumensis
flavobacterium terrae
fluoribacter gormanii
labrenzia alexandrii
eubacterium rectale
mycobacterium caprae
nocardia mexicana
arthrobacter koreensis
microbacterium trichothecenolyticum
ruegeria lacuscaerulensis
chryseobacterium molle
flavobacterium johnsoniae
oceanicola litoreus
thermocrinis minervae
methanomicrococcus blatticola
gillisia mitskevichiae
algoriphagus halophilus
flavobacterium limicola
flavobacterium pectinovorum
labrenzia suaedae
flavobacterium saccharophilum
micrarchaeota archaeon
agromyces cerinus
flavobacterium weaverense
flavobacterium cucumis
patescibacteria bacterium
halomonas subglaciescola
dehalococcoidetes bacterium
anaerobacillus arseniciselenatis
anaerobacillus alkalidiazotrophicus
anaerobacillus alkalilacustris
ignavibacteriaceae bacterium
syntrophaceae bacterium
elusimicrobia bacterium
kordiimonadales bacterium
desulfobulbaceae bacterium
aquicella bacterium
legionellales bacterium
mollicutes related
geodermatophilus limestoni
tangfeifania diversioriginum
chishuiella changwenlii
pseudonocardia thermophila
pseudopelagicola gijangensis
clostridium caenicola
blastococcus bullaregi
chitinophaga jiangningensis
chryseobacterium contaminans
roseovarius marisflavi
myroides xuanwuensis
cruoricaptor ignavus
roseovarius pacificus
flavobacterium chilense
sphingobacterium composti
flavobacterium xanthum
cryptosporangium aurantiacum
actinomadura meyerae
chryseobacterium polytrichastri
roseovarius litoreus
flavobacterium flevense
empedobacter falsenii
lactobacillus cacaonum
lactobacillus similis
lactobacillus alimentarius
lactobacillus acidifarinae
lactobacillus perolens
lactobacillus capillatus
lactobacillus rapi
lactobacillus uvarum
lactobacillus coleohominis
lactobacillus ultunensis
lactobacillus hammesii
lactobacillus equigenerosi
lactobacillus intestinalis
lactobacillus pontis
lactobacillus thermotolerans
weissella kandleri
lactobacillus carnis
lactobacillus xiangfangensis
aurantimonas manganoxydans
aureimonas frigidaquae
helicobacter sanguini
helicobacter magdeburgensis
exiguobacterium pavilionensis
arcobacter marinus
aquitalea pelogenes
desulfosarcina cetonica
clostridioides difficile
clostridium amylolyticum
orenia metallireducens
clostridium saccharobutylicum
moorella thermoautotrophica
bacteroidaceae bacterium
methanohalophilus euhalobius
clostridium beijernckii
clostridium felsineum
clostridium puniceum
clostridium roseum
streptacidiphilus carbonis
streptacidiphilus melanogenes
aneurinibacillus tyrosinisolvens
lactobacillus gorillae
bifidobacterium aesculapii
yersinia bercovieri
roseburia faecis
thioalkalivibrio bacterium
methylonatrum bacterium
prochlorococcus marinus
methanohalophilus portucalensis
anaerovirgula multivorans
desulfonatronum zhilinae
sphaerochaeta dissipatitropha
sphingomonas laterariae
noviherbaspirillum suwonense
belliella buryatensis
novosphingobium panipatense
pontibacter ummariensis
anoxynatronum buryatense
clostridium saccharoperbutylicum
streptococcus luteciae
spirochaeta americana
sphingomonas histidinilytica
sphingopyxis indica
arthrobacter permensis
rathayibacter iranicus
sphingopyxis flava
novosphingobium mathurense
plantibacter cousiniae
aeromicrobium choanae
corynebacterium pollutisoli
pseudoxanthomonas indica
okibacterium frutillariae
agreia pratensis
aeromonas hydrophilia
agreia calamagrosti
aeromonas veroni
rathayibacter oskolensis
devosia lucknowensis
sphingopyxis ummariensis
agreia elymi
plantibacter flavus
plantibacter elymi
burkholderia susongensis
kocuria indica
pseudobacteriovorax antillogorgiicola
bacillus filamentosus
sphingomonas indica
desulfovibrio algoritolerance
paraburkholderia caryophylli
ignavibacteria bacterium
gallionellales bacterium
nitrospirae bacterium
geobacteraceae bacterium
pelobacteraceae bacterium
syntrophobacterales bacterium
tenericutes bacterium
desulfuromonadales bacterium
xanthomonadales bacterium
sphingomonadales bacterium
microgenomates group
caulobacterales bacterium
parcubacteria group
burkholderia eburnea
paraburkholderia eburnea
bacillus encimensis
paraburkholderia symbiotica
paraburkholderia endofungorum
burkholderia rhizosphaerae
burkholderia insulsa
rhodobacterales bacterium
monaibacterium marinum
rhodocyclales bacterium
jannaschia seosinensis
kocuria salsicia
photobacterium galatheae
hafnia paralvei
rhizobium nepotum
vibrio neptunius
microbacterium oxydans
microbacterium ketosireducens
arsukibacterium ikkense
desulfobulbus oralis
pyrococcus chitonophagus
clostridium chromiireducens
clostridium oryzae
clostridium thermoalcaliphilum
clostridium hungatei
lactobacillus manihotivorans
photobacterium aquae
photobacterium ganghwense
lacinutrix himadriensis
alicyclobacillus ferrooxydans
pseudomonas caricapapayae
pseudomonas tremae
chryseobacterium aquaticum
streptococcus orisasini
desulfotomaculum intricatum
nocardia speluncae
nocardia crassostreae
chrysosporum ovalisporum
brachyspira suanatina
ruegeria atlantica
leisingera aquaemixtae
paeniglutamicibacter antarcticus
kocuria varians
pseudoclavibacter helvolus
burkholderia sordidicola
burkholderia udeis
paracoccus sphaerophysae
staphylococcus caprae
bacillus glycinifermentans
pseudomonas protegens
woesearcheota archaeum
sphingobacteriia bacterium
hydrogenophilales bacterium
brevibacterium halotolerans
pacearchaeota archaeum
aenigmarchaeota archaeum
uncultured bacteroidetes
rathayibacter rathayi
fulvimarina manganoxydans
janibacter indicus
prauserella shujinwangii
natronthermophilus aegyptiacus
pseudoxanthomonas wuyuanensis
sphingobacterium paludis
streptomyces zhaozhouensis
oceanicola flagellatus
moheibacter sediminis
idiomarina maris
taibaiella chishuiensis
planomicrobium soli
saccharothrix carnea
anoxybacillus vitaminiphilus
arcticibacter pallidicorallinus
flavobacterium aquaticum
glycomyces artemisiae
halomonas songnenensis
glaciihabitans tibetensis
actinoplanes lutulentus
novosphingobium kunmingense
epilithonimonas xixisoli
flavobacterium lacus
salsuginibacillus halophilus
pajaroellobacter abortibovis
coxiella like
bordetella bronchialis
bordetella pseudohinzii
dialister pneumosintes
wenyingzhuangia fucanilytica
enterobacter xiangfangensis
azoarcus olearius
pasteurellaceae bacterium
lactobacillus backii
mycoplasma pullorum
bacteroides caecimuris
corynebacterium crudilactis
grimontia hollisae
cloacibacillus porcorum
haematospirillum jordaniae
kluyvera intermedia
paenibacillus xylanexedens
clostridium formicaceticum
achromobacter denitrificans
pelobacter acetylenicus
microbacterium paludicola
parageobacillus thermoglucosidasius
bordetella parapertussis
francisella guangzhouensis
paraburkholderia sprentiae
rhizobium phaseoli
clostridium kluyveri
acidihalobacter prosperus
xenorhabdus hominickii
lentzea guizhouensis
anaerolineaceae bacterium
neomicrococcus aestuarii
rickettsia raoultii
leptospira alstonii
acidipropionibacterium acidipropionici
pseudoalteromonas ulvae
idiomarina planktonica
altererythrobacter xiamenensis
sphingomonas guangdongensis
alcanivorax bacterium
desulfovibrionales bacterium
sinorhizobium americanum
clostridium estertheticum
halioglobus pacificus
vagococcus teuberi
polaribacter vadi
massilia putida
chelatococcus daeguensis
staphylococcus argenteus
ralstonia insidiosa
bradyrhizobium icense
aeromonas aquatica
steroidobacter denitrificans
kocuria flava
bacillus xiamenensis
oceanicola antarcticus
pelagibacter bacterium
rhodospirillaceae bacterium
pseudospirillum bacterium
rheinheimera tuosuensis
pedobacter xixiisoli
synechococcus bacterium
nitratireductor bacterium
salinibacterium xinjiangense
microbacterium hydrothermale
salinimicrobium sediminis
puniceispirillum bacterium
pseudomonas bacterium
acidobacterium bacterium
staphylococcus auricularis
formosa algae
pedobacter ginsenosidimutans
acetivibrio ethanolgignens
nocardia jinanensis
trueperella bernardiae
photobacterium kishitanii
paramesorhizobium deserti
enterovibrio coralii
streptomyces silvensis
phaeobacter inhibens
streptobacillus hongkongensis
olsenella scatoligenes
acinetobacter lactucae
bacillus nakamurai
anaerosporomusa subterraneum
bacillus trypoxylicola
neptuniibacter marinus
pseudoalteromonas telluritireducens
streptomyces hygroscopicus
syntrophomonas wolfei
herbidospora sakaeratensis
herbidospora mongoliensis
herbidospora yilanensis
herbidospora daliensis
herbidospora cretacea
microtetraspora malaysiensis
microtetraspora fusca
microtetraspora glauca
microtetraspora niveoalba
streptomyces sporocinereus
mycobacterium brisbanense
mycobacterium canariasense
mycobacterium novocastrense
psychrobacter cibarius
burkholderia concitans
caballeronia humi
caballeronia cordobensis
caballeronia telluris
burkholderia ptereochthonis
burkholderia pedi
burkholderia catudaia
burkholderia arationis
burkholderia peredens
burkholderia glebae
caballeronia terrestris
burkholderia arvi
caballeronia choica
halomonas axialensis
acetobacter cerevisiae
gluconobacter albidus
gluconobacter roseus
thiohalorhabdales bacterium
marinoscillum bacterium
unclassified cadidate
dissulfuribacter thermophilus
thermosulfurimonas dismutans
geodermatophilus aqueductis
flavobacterium resistens
halorubrum chaoviator
paracoccus sediminis
actinomadura mexicana
solitalea koreensis
balnearium lithotrophicum
saccharicrinis carchari
paracoccus laeviglucosivorans
lutimaribacter litoralis
rhodoblastus acidophilus
rhodopirellula lusitana
puniceibacterium sediminis
hymenobacter mucosus
mariprofundus micogutta
planococcus maritimus
actinoplanes regularis
lutibacter agarilyticus
ruegeria faecimaris
propioniciclava tarda
pedobacter westerhofensis
aliifodinibius sediminis
haloechinothrix alba
tistlia consotensis
gracilimonas mengyeensis
quadrisphaera granulorum
flavobacterium nitrogenifigens
dietzia schimae
halorubrum cibi
chryseobacterium rhizoplanae
melghirimyces algeriensis
halorubrum vacuolatum
oceanospirillum linum
shimia sagamensis
prevotella jejuni
desulfurobacterium pacificum
roseibium denhamense
flavobacterium hercynium
algoriphagus winogradskyi
halobellus salinus
chryseobacterium profundimaris
venenivibrio stagnispumantis
laceyella tengchongensis
muriicola jejuensis
dokdonia pacifica
actinoplanes cyaneus
desulfurobacterium atlanticum
acetobacter orleanensis
chryseobacterium greenlandense
chlorobium limicola
agrobacterium vitis
pseudoruegeria marinistellae
photobacterium aquimaris
pseudoruegeria sabulilitoris
bacillus wiedmannii
dechloromonas denitrificans
chryseobacterium kwangjuense
bacillus axarquiensis
bacillus sporothermodurans
parageobacillus caldoxylosilyticus
shewanella frigidimarina
micromonospora rosaria
celeribacter ethanolicus
celeribacter halophilus
pseudoalteromonas shioyasakiensis
arcobacter cryaerophilus
spirosoma fluviale
thermoflavifilum aggregans
ulvibacter antarcticus
persephonella hydrogeniphila
natronoarchaeum philippinense
dietzia kunjamensis
marinifilum flexuosum
cohaesibacter gelatinilyticus
hydrogenobacter hydrogenophilus
chryseobacterium arachidiradicis
allonocardiopsis opalescens
dyadobacter jiangsuensis
dichotomicrobium thermohalophilum
ichthyenterobacterium magnum
shimia isoporae
kineococcus rhizosphaerae
pseudosporangium ferrugineum
methanopyri archaeon
archaeoglobi archaeon
christensenella minuta
klebsiella aerogenes
pseudarthrobacter sulfonivorans
bordetella flabilis
fervidobacterium islandicum
desulfarculaceae bacterium
thermoanaerobacterales bacterium
eilatimonas milleporae
roseovarius halotolerans
gelidibacter sediminis
algoriphagus aquaeductus
vibrionimonas magnilacihabitans
chitinophaga niastensis
pseudoruegeria haliotis
chitinophaga ginsengisoli
haloactinopolyspora alba
cecembia rubra
loktanella soesokkakensis
marinobacterium halophilum
spirosoma oryzae
umezawaea tangerina
geodermatophilus tzadiensis
marivita geojedonensis
spongiibacterium pacificum
actinomadura pelletieri
flavobacterium aciduliphilum
laceyella sediminis
planifilum fimeticola
thalassobius abyssi
actinomadura viridilutea
antricoccus suffuscus
ruegeria scottomollicae
murinocardiopsis flavida
actinophytocola oryzae
sneathia sanguinegens
uncultured marine
methanothermobacter wolfeii
methanomicrobiales archaeon
methanosarcinales archaeon
microbacterium hominis
marichromatium gracile
ventosimonas gracilis
sphaerospermopsis aphanizomenoides
pseudomonas pictorum
diaphorobacter nitroreducens
methylobacterium rhodinum
methylobacterium thiocyanatum
marinifilum fragile
clostridium glycyrrhizinilyticum
lactobacillus oryzae
thermus kawarayensis
desulfothermus okinawensis
rhodococcus baikonurensis
lentibacillus juripiscarius
syntrophomonas palmitatica
calditerricola satsumensis
aciditerrimonas ferrireducens
thermaerobacter composti
geobacter toluenoxydans
methylomonas koyamae
pseudomonas flexibilis
lysinibacillus pakistanensis
phorcysia thermohydrogeniphila
luteimicrobium subarcticum
brevirhabdus pacifica
fodinibius salinus
pedobacter duraquae
mucilaginibacter auburnensis
muricauda pacifica
phaeobacter bacterium
hymenobacter chitinivorans
compostimonas suwonensis
pseudoscardovia suis
flavobacterium endophyticum
labrenzia marina
kineococcus xinjiangensis
dyadobacter jejuensis
dysgonomonas alginatilytica
acetobacteroides hydrogenigenes
prolixibacter denitrificans
chitinophaga dinghuensis
zeaxanthinibacter enoshimensis
diaminobutyricimonas aerilata
motilibacter peucedani
gammaproteobacterium bacterium
flavobacteriales bacterium
roseobacter bacterium
alkalibacterium olivapovliticus
loktanella maritima
donghicola tyrosinivorans
mongoliibacter ruber
actinokineospora auranticolor
naumannella halotolerans
mumia flava
maribacter spongiicola
bacteroides coprophilus
gordonia desulfuricans
comamonas terrigena
geobacillus zalihae
tetragenococcus solitarius
alicyclobacillus acidiphilus
arthrobacter luteolus
actinomadura formosensis
actinomadura kijaniata
actinomadura latina
actinomadura macra
actinomadura rubrobrunea
alicyclobacillus shizuokensis
amphibacillus sediminis
globicatella sanguinis
microbacterium resistens
cellulomonas iranensis
kribbia dieselivorans
nocardioides jensenii
nocardiopsis trehalosi
millisia brevis
actinomadura hibisca
alicyclobacillus kakegawensis
alicyclobacillus sendaiensis
nocardiopsis dassonvillei
sanguibacter suarezii
skermania piniformis
alicyclobacillus mali
nocardiopsis listeri
dietzia papillomatosis
micrococcus lylae
zimmermannella alba
zimmermannella bifida
janibacter corallicola
janibacter limosus
herbiconiux solani
azohydromonas lata
hydrogenophaga flava
erwinia persicina
serratia ficaria
novosphingobium lentum
novosphingobium naphthalenivorans
sphingomonas sanguinis
sphingomonas soli
vibrio mediterranei
thauera butanivorans
moraxella lacunata
moraxella atlantae
sphingobium cloacae
sphingobium amiense
variovorax boronicumulans
variovorax soli
bacillus cohnii
bacillus drentensis
bacillus fumarioli
bacillus lentus
bacillus fastidiosus
bacillus korlensis
bacillus soli
lactococcus plantarum
bacillus krulwichiae
xylanimicrobium pachnodae
bergeriella denitrificans
brevundimonas vesicularis
castellaniella caeni
cupriavidus oxalaticus
curvibacter delicatus
hydrogenophaga pseudoflava
hydrogenophaga taeniospiralis
sphingomonas adhaesiva
polaromonas jejuensis
mitsuaria chitosanitabida
moraxella oblonga
sphingobium abikonense
sphingomonas asaccharolytica
sphingomonas pituitosa
sphingomonas pruni
neokomagataea thailandica
novosphingobium rosa
williamsia muralis
parageobacillus toebii
nocardia africana
nocardia acidivorans
nocardia alba
nocardia anaemiae
nocardia amamiensis
nocardia arthritidis
nocardia beijingensis
nocardia coubleae
nocardia caishijiensis
nocardia elegans
nocardia cummidelens
nocardia harenae
nocardia ignorata
nocardia inohanensis
nocardia kruczakiae
nocardia gamkensis
nocardia lijiangensis
nocardia salmonicida
nocardia shimofusensis
nocardia sienata
nocardia pseudovaccinii
nocardia vermiculata
nocardia soli
nocardia yamanashiensis
nocardia uniformis
nocardia xishanensis
nocardia flavorosea
nocardia grenadensis
nocardia niwae
nocardia rhamnosiphila
nocardia mikamii
nocardia violaceofusca
nocardioides massiliensis
paraburkholderia kirstenboschensis
bacillus coahuilensis
bradyrhizobium valentinum
bradyrhizobium jicamae
bradyrhizobium retamae
bacillus horikoshii
mycoplasma gallinarum
rubripirellula obstinata
paraburkholderia phenazinium
coprobacillus cateniformis
veillonella denticariosi
veillonella rogosae
ruminococcus faecis
dysgonomonas hofstadii
byssovorax cruenta
ruminococcus champanellensis
kosakonia cowanii
verrucomicrobium spinosum
lactobacillus silagei
agromyces ulmi
streptomyces drozdowiczii
microbacterium xylanilyticum
paenarthrobacter nitroguajacolicus
mycobacterium fluoranthenivorans
streptomyces lavendulae
microbispora mesophila
rhodococcus zopfii
nocardioides aromaticivorans
pseudonocardia chloroethenivorans
mycobacterium rufum
nocardioides pyridinolyticus
cellulomonas composti
cellulomonas terrae
mycobacterium pyrenivorans
mycobacterium crocinum
mycobacterium pallens
cellulomonas denverensis
kineosporia aurantiaca
streptomyces albofaciens
streptomyces lucensis
streptomyces antibioticus
streptomyces naganishii
streptomyces anandii
streptomyces chrestomyceticus
streptomyces phaeofaciens
catenuloplanes japonicus
catenuloplanes crispus
catenuloplanes indicus
catenuloplanes nepalensis
catenuloplanes castaneus
kineosporia rhamnosa
kineosporia succinea
kineosporia rhizophila
kouleothrix aurantiaca
marinobacterium mangrovicola
chryseobacterium geocarposphaerae
sediminihabitans luteus
lewinella xylanilytica
blastococcus aggregatus
sphingobacterium yanglingense
maribacter vaceletii
lacinutrix venerupis
labedella gwakjiensis
amnibacterium kyonggiense
ruegeria conchae
tropicibacter phthalicicus
actinokineospora cianjurensis
pelagimonas varians
rhodovulum imhoffii
celeribacter persicus
mangrovibacterium marinum
flavobacterium croceum
humitalea rosea
pararhodobacter aggregans
capnocytophaga leadbetteri
sphingobacterium faecium
pontibacter mucosus
glomeribacter phylotype
hydrogenothermus marinus
mucilaginibacter yixingensis
pedobacter bauzanensis
gramella gaetbulicola
melghirimyces profundicolus
phreatobacter oligotrophus
kordia periserrulae
rhodovulum kholense
breoghania corrubedonensis
loktanella sediminilitoris
parvarchaeota archaeum
kytococcus aerolatus
tenacibaculum discolor
litoreibacter ponti
nitrosospira multiformis
desmospora activa
trichococcus patagoniensis
paracoccus seriniphilus
agitococcus lubricus
solirubrobacter pauli
dietzia psychralcaliphila
polynucleobacter bacterium
acidobacteriales bacterium
sulfitobacter bacterium
thiohalorhabdaceae bacterium
halomonas bacterium
phycisphaerales bacterium
amphiplicatus metriothermophilus
rhizobium skierniewicense
rhizobium pisi
rhizobium daejeonense
allorhizobium pseudoryzae
rhizobium halophytocola
rhizobium cellulosilyticum
rhizobium rosettiformans
rhizobium tarimense
rhizobium smilacinae
rhizobium flavum
rhizobium petrolearium
rhizobium paknamense
rhizobium populi
rhizobium yantingense
rhizobium aggregatum
rhizobium subbaraonis
rhizobium rhizoryzae
rhizobium taibaishanense
rhizobium sophoriradicis
rhizobium pakistanense
rhizobium helianthi
rhizobium anhuiense
rhizobium sophorae
glutamicibacter arilaitensis
limnohabitans bacterium
paenibacillaceae bacterium
rhizobium mesosinicum
rhizobium herbae
rhizobium vallis
rhizobium borbori
acidaminococcus bacterium
methanogenium frigidum
verrucomicrobiales bacterium
portiera bacterium
microbacterium bacterium
rhodobacter maris
desulfofaba hansenii
alcanivorax xenomutans
sphingomonas faeni
rhodobacter azatoformans
rhodobacter johrii
rhodobacter litoris
lysinibacillus xyleni
bosea psychrolimnosis
rhodopseudomonas pentathenatexigens
shewanella chilikensis
rhodopseudomonas faecalis
lysinibacillus chungkukjangi
rhizobium subbaroanis
rhodobacter viridis
rhodopseudomonas thermotolerans
lysinibacillus acetophenoni
rhodobacter ovatus
bacillus oleivorans
hoeflea halophila
salinicoccus kekensis
sphingomonas aurantiaca
marinobacter bacterium
marine group
theionarchaea archaeon
desulfuromonas acetexigens
natronolimnobius baerhuensis
ferroplasma acidiphilum
treponema endosymbiont
caedibacter varicaedens
comamonas terrae
nocardia arizonensis
paeniclostridium sordellii
moorella glycerini
mycobacterium aurum
labrenzia aggregata
schleiferia thermophila
pectobacterium betavasculorum
burkholderiaceae bacterium
neisseria flavescens
bacillus galactosidilyticus
levilinea saccharolytica
pedobacter panaciterrae
mycobacterium wolinskyi
vibrio xuii
clostridium ljungdahlii
fibrobacteria bacterium
sphingomonas aerolata
halanaerobium saccharolyticum
altererythrobacter troitsensis
bacillus muralis
bacillus cecembensis
bacillus farraginis
dietzia timorensis
psychrobacter piscatorii
streptomyces jeddahensis
oceanivirga salmonicida
oceanibaculum pacificum
brevibacterium ravenspurgense
rhodococcus corynebacterioides
rhodococcus gordoniae
crenobacter luteus
brevibacillus parabrevis
paenibacillus jamilae
micrococcus aloeverae
rufibacter roseus
rufibacter ruber
rhodococcus kunmingensis
rhodococcus phenolicus
pseudoalteromonas gelatinilytica
bradyrhizobium neotropicale
thermodesulfatator autotrophicus
salmonella enteritidis
methylobacterium populi
leptolyngbya valderiana
phormidium willei
marinomonas aquimarina
marinomonas atlantica
marinomonas gallaica
komagataeibacter hansenii
ehrlichia ruminantium
gluconobacter cerinus
methylomonas lenta
piscirickettsiaceae bacterium
waddlia chondrophila
paenibacillus glacialis
paenibacillus antarcticus
cutibacterium avidum
achromobacter ruhlandii
polaribacter atrinae
actinomycetaceae bacterium
nodularia spumigena
tamlana agarivorans
paraburkholderia panaciterrae
paraburkholderia ginsengiterrae
pediococcus parvulus
mycobacterium mungi
burkholderia turbans
pseudovibrio hongkongensis
rathayibacter tanaceti
mycobacterium kumamotonense
anoxybacillus ayderensis
faecalibaculum rodentium
tenacibaculum dicentrarchi
rickettsia aeschlimannii
microbacteriaceae taiensis
hormoscilla spongeliae
bathyarchaeota archaeum
granulosicoccus antarcticus
edaphobacter dinghuensis
streptomyces coelicolor
vibrio casei
erwinia aphidicola
leeuwenhoekiella polynyae
mycobacterium moriokaense
ndongobacter massiliensis
ezakiella massiliensis
bathymodiolus septemdierum
lentisphaerales bacterium
victivallales bacterium
puniceicoccales bacterium
caldilineales bacterium
chlorobiales bacterium
synergistales bacterium
deferribacterales bacterium
entomoplasmatales bacterium
fibrobacterales bacterium
acholeplasmatales bacterium
thermotogales bacterium
rhodohalobacter halophila
actinomycetales bacterium
spirochaetales bacterium
terasakiispira papahanaumokuakeensis
campylobacterales bacterium
mycetocola saprophilus
woeseia oceani
paludisphaera borealis
oceanicoccus sagamiensis
caldimicrobium thiodismutans
devriesea agamarum
novibacillus thermophilus
cellvibrionaceae bacterium
spirillospora albida
chromatiaceae bacterium
petrimonas mucosa
parasaccharibacter apium
neoasaia chiangmaiensis
magnetovibrio blakemorei
pilimelia anulata
actinocatenispora sera
paenalcaligenes hominis
eisenbergiella tayi
hydrotalea flava
actinospica acidiphila
zoogloea schifflangensis
pseudorhodobacter aquimaris
pseudorhodobacter wandonensis
tateyamaria omphalii
kushneria marisflavi
akkermansia glycaniphila
jeotgalicoccus saudimassiliensis
kangiella sediminilitoris
halodesulfovibrio spirochaetisodalis
acidihalobacter ferrooxidans
oerskovia turbata
ketogulonicigenium robustum
cryobacterium arcticum
marmoricola aequoreus
phycicoccus jejuensis
altererythrobacter namhicola
streptacidiphilus jeojiense
altererythrobacter dongtanensis
porphyrobacter neustonensis
rathayibacter tritici
halobacillus mangrovi
anaerococcus mediterraneensis
leptospirillum rubarum
komagataeibacter nataicola
rhodoferax antarcticus
stenothermobacter spongiae
marinomonas spartinae
morganella psychrotolerans
acidithiobacillus albertensis
ampullariella violaceochromogenes
actinoplanes rectilineatus
curtobacterium pusillum
planococcus faecalis
kitasatospora phosalacinea
kitasatospora arboriphila
desulfotomaculum ferrireducens
ochrobactrum pituitosum
elizabethkingia endophytica
photobacterium iliopiscarium
ensifer shofinae
comamonas serinivorans
amycolatopsis jejuensis
paracoccus contaminans
leuconostoc garlicum
actinomyces hongkongensis
lachnoclostridium phocaeense
nocardioides dokdonensis
sinorhizobium saheli
micromonospora parva
micromonospora globosa
geobacillus icigianus
achromobacter insolitus
paraburkholderia ribeironis
shewanella japonica
bartonella apis
methylobacterium zatmanii
chryseobacterium arthrosphaerae
chryseobacterium artocarpi
pantoea eucrina
pantoea alhagi
pseudoalteromonas fuliginea
pseudoalteromonas mariniglutinosa
pseudoalteromonas prydzensis
pseudoalteromonas aliena
microbacterium foliorum
haemophilus quentini
sphingomonas panacis
flavobacterium piscis
paenibacillus yonginensis
paenibacillus kribbensis
clostridium taeniosporum
clostridium septicum
burkholderia territorii
burkholderia diffusa
burkholderia stagnalis
burkholderia pseudomultivorans
burkholderia seminalis
burkholderia anthina
burkholderia latens
burkholderia stabilis
burkholderia humptydooensis
salmonella typhimurium
methanosphaera stadtmanae
lachnoanaerobaculum umeaense
mycoplana dimorpha
psychrobacillus insolitus
fulvimonas soli
sphaerotilus hippei
chromohalobacter marismortui
marinoscillum furvescens
ornithinibacter aureus
porphyromonas loveana
williamsia marianensis
pasteurella langaaensis
haloferax namakaokahaiae
paraburkholderia hiiakae
paraburkholderia metrosideri
paraburkholderia peleae
blastomonas natatoria
tenacibaculum adriaticum
alicyclobacillus sacchari
prevotella colorans
gluconacetobacter liquefaciens
aquicella lusitana
falsochrobactrum ovis
aminivibrio pyruvatiphilus
acidovorax defluvii
tenacibaculum gallaicum
phascolarctobacterium faecium
lechevalieria atacamensis
chelatococcus asaccharovorans
azoarcus indigens
victivallis vadensis
pontibacter virosus
agathobaculum butyriciproducens
halothiobacillus neapolitanus
oceanotoga teriensis
tumebacillus permanentifrigoris
pseudonocardia autotrophica
psychrobacter immobilis
catellatospora citrea
lachnotalea glycerini
plasticicumulans acidivorans
pleionea mediterranea
tamilnaduibacter salinus
silicimonas algicola
roseicyclus mahoneyensis
convivina intestini
marinirhabdus gelatinilytica
murimonas intestini
salmonella choleraesuis
methylobacterium organophilum
enterobacillus tribolii
lechevalieria deserti
sinimarinibacterium flocculans
bacteroides coagulans
actinomycetospora cinnamomea
caballeronia udeis
actinoplanes brasiliensis
balneicella halophila
seleniivibrio woodruffii
paraburkholderia sediminicola
ponticoccus gilvus
bacteriovorax stolpii
kushneria indalinina
vogesella indigofera
thermovibrio guaymasensis
methanimicrococcus blatticola
maricaulis maris
kushneria sinocarnis
marinomonas communis
marinicella litoralis
methanothermobacter defluvii
acholeplasma laidlawii
idiomarina piscisalsi
paenibacillus donghaensis
arthrobacter oryzae
phyllobacterium leguminum
acidipila rosea
marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus
caballeronia sordidicola
saccharothrix australiensis
bacteroides galacturonicus
unclassified zetaproteobacterium
psychroflexus torquis
pseudorhodoplanes sinuspersici
muribaculum intestinale
turicimonas muris
phoenicibacter massiliensis
halomicronema hongdechloris
bacterioplanes sanyensis
thermogutta terrifontis
acutalibacter muris
vibrionaceae bacterium
herbinix luporum
macrococcus canis
vitreoscilla filiformis
negativicoccus massiliensis
pelagibaca abyssi
christensenella massiliensis
sphingorhabdus flavimaris
proteiniphilum saccharofermentans
diaphorobacter polyhydroxybutyrativorans
methylovulum psychrotolerans
tatumella citrea
tenacibaculum jejuense
nitrospira japonica
thermus caldifontis
unclassified chlorobium
nostocales cyanobacterium
flavisolibacter tropicus
kluyvera georgiana
actinoalloteichus hoggarensis
oceanobacillus rekensis
blautia coccoides
spiroplasma clarkii
thermococcus chitonophagus
thermococcus radiotolerans
thermococcus gorgonarius
thermococcus siculi
thermococcus barossii
thermococcus profundus
erythrobacter flavus
geobacillus lituanicus
lactobacillus bombicola
lactobacillus helsingborgensis
lactobacillus mellis
micromonospora pisi
phyllobacterium bourgognense
annwoodia aquaesulis
thiobacillus thiophilus
shewanella marisflavi
shewanella bicestrii
chryseobacterium taklimakanense
lactococcus piscium
microbacterium sediminis
bordetella genomosp
flavobacterium communis
paenibacillus physcomitrellae
neisseria zoodegmatis
burkholderia metallica
pseudomonas mesoacidophila
streptomyces rubrolavendulae
streptomyces xylophagus
streptomyces yerevanensis
streptomyces capuensis
streptomyces novaecaesareae
streptomyces wedmorensis
streptomyces aureocirculatus
streptomyces varsoviensis
streptomyces lavenduligriseus
streptomyces sclerotialus
streptomyces decoyicus
kitasatospora aureofaciens
streptomyces bicolor
streptomyces niger
streptomyces roseoverticillatus
streptomyces avellaneus
streptomyces griseolus
streptomyces alboflavus
streptomyces fulvoviridis
streptomyces albidoflavus
paraburkholderia tropica
paraburkholderia caballeronis
paraburkholderia silvatlantica
paraburkholderia unamae
streptomyces minutiscleroticus
streptomyces graminis
kitasatospora misakiensis
streptomyces alboviridis
streptomyces brasiliensis
streptomyces californicus
streptomyces puniceus
streptomyces fulvoviolaceus
kitasatospora papulosa
kitasatospora purpeofusca
streptomyces purpeochromogenes
streptomyces megasporus
streptomyces ruber
streptomyces violens
streptomyces ochraceiscleroticus
streptomyces catenulae
streptomyces cyaneofuscatus
streptomyces scopuliridis
streptomyces mediolani
streptomyces floridae
streptomyces flavovirens
streptomyces katrae
streptomyces variegatus
streptomyces regalis
streptomyces purpurogeneiscleroticus
streptomyces violaceorubidus
streptomyces cellulosae
streptomyces avicenniae
streptomyces celluloflavus
streptomyces flavochromogenes
streptomyces flaveus
kitasatospora albolonga
lactobacillus allii
vibrio celticus
vibrio atlanticus
bacillus halotolerans
bacillus litoralis
bacillus solimangrovi
bacillus gibsonii
bacillus luciferensis
bacillus kochii
acinetobacter idrijaensis
acinetobacter larvae
acinetobacter defluvii
acinetobacter celticus
pseudomonas cerasi
streptococcus himalayensis
streptococcus acidominimus
pantoea allii
intrasporangium calvum
ensifer adherens
phyllobacterium myrsinacearum
phyllobacterium brassicacearum
idiomarina aquatica
chromohalobacter salexigens
sorangiineae bacterium
melittangium boletus
cystobacter ferrugineus
myxococcus macrosporus
nannocystis exedens
cystobacter fuscus
silvanigrella aquatica
alteromonadales bacterium
pseudaminobacter manganicus
paraclostridium benzoelyticum
idiomarina tainanensis
brevibacterium sanguinis
brevibacterium celere
marinomonas rhizomae
winogradskyella arenosi
melaminivora alkalimesophila
hoeflea marina
kinneretia asaccharophila
vagococcus fluvialis
zavarzinia compransoris
nocardia globerula
thioalbus denitrificans
nocardia neocaledoniensis
paraliobacillus ryukyuensis
thiopseudomonas denitrificans
schlegelella thermodepolymerans
oceanihabitans sediminis
roseimicrobium gellanilyticum
arenicella xantha
paucibacter toxinivorans
ciceribacter lividus
bradymonas sediminis
saliterribacillus persicus
streptohalobacillus salinus
tepidicella xavieri
falsibacillus pallidus
microvirga subterranea
thiogranum longum
pontivivens insulae
litorimonas taeanensis
parasphingopyxis lamellibrachiae
pseudogracilibacillus auburnensis
williamsia faeni
alkalibaculum bacchi
undibacterium pigrum
hungatella effluvii
eoetvoesia caeni
deinococcus yavapaiensis
williamsia limnetica
rivicola pingtungensis
herbinix hemicellulosilytica
hydromonas duriensis
kurthia zopfii
tahibacter aquaticus
winogradskyella eximia
aestuariispira insulae
paenibacillus cellulosilyticus
idiomarina fontislapidosi
psychrobacter fozii
actinokineospora mzabensis
paenibacillus barcinonensis
seonamhaeicola aphaedonensis
halopolyspora algeriensis
cohnella lupini
paenibacillus prosopidis
aneurinibacillus soli
cohnella phaseoli
achromobacter marplatensis
xylophilus ampelinus
winogradskyella epiphytica
pseudoroseicyclus aestuarii
methylovirgula ligni
photobacterium lutimaris
paludibacterium purpuratum
paracoccus lutimaris
pelolinea submarina
jeotgalicoccus halotolerans
hephaestia caeni
otariodibacter oris
sphingosinicella microcystinivorans
sulfurisoma sediminicola
azonexus fungiphilus
marinomonas foliarum
pseudorhodoferax soli
pseudochrobactrum asaccharolyticum
mangrovibacter plantisponsor
anaerobacterium chartisolvens
pseudocitrobacter faecalis
fontibacillus phaseoli
winogradskyella pacifica
marinomonas pollencensis
marinomonas aquiplantarum
marinomonas alcarazii
panacagrimonas perspica
roseiarcus fermentans
alkalispirillum mobile
paraperlucidibaca baekdonensis
planococcus citreus
orbus hercynius
halospina denitrificans
umboniibacter marinipuniceus
mycobacterium triviale
mycobacterium porcinum
mycobacterium intermedium
mycobacterium sherrisii
mycobacterium shimoidei
mycobacterium holsaticum
mycobacterium flavescens
mycobacterium terrae
staphylococcus lutrae
staphylococcus piscifermentans
staphylococcus stepanovicii
staphylococcus muscae
arcanobacterium haemolyticum
xylanimonas cellulosilytica
acinetobacter seifertii
cardiobacterium hominis
aggregatibacter segnis
neisseria bacilliformis
cellulomonas flavigena
kytococcus sedentarius
sanguibacter keddieii
caballeronia zhejiangensis
streptomyces regensis
streptomyces bikiniensis
streptomyces pyridomyceticus
desulfovibrio piger
streptomyces resistomycificus
streptomyces griseofuscus
flavobacterium crassostreae
streptobacillus moniliformis
streptomyces globisporus
stenotrophomonas nitritireducens
photobacterium angustum
verrucosispora maris
streptomyces atroolivaceus
mycobacterium gordonae
streptomyces caelestis
streptomyces griseoluteus
polaribacter reichenbachii
kibdelosporangium aridum
dactylosporangium aurantiacum
streptosporangium amethystogenes
streptomyces chattanoogensis
paraburkholderia nodosa
streptomyces rubellomurinus
xanthomonas bromi
thiomonas intermedia
microbulbifer agarilyticus
mycobacterium yongonense
francisella persica
maribacter caenipelagi
algibacter wandonensis
algoriphagus boseongensis
weissella soli
marinomonas balearica
sphingobacterium detergens
winogradskyella wandonensis
tenacibaculum caenipelagi
pseudokineococcus lusitanus
xenorhabdus ehlersii
leeuwenhoekiella aequorea
rhodococcus globerulus
ilumatobacter fluminis
microbacterium ginsengiterrae
paracoccus bengalensis
paenibacillus taichungensis
sphingobium barthaii
citricoccus muralis
glaesserella parasuis
deinococcus puniceus
pasteurella dagmatis
dehalogenimonas formicexedens
sphaerimonospora mesophila
salinivirga cyanobacteriivorans
thermococcus celer
francisella halioticida
listeria welshimeri
microbacterium aurum
odoribacter splanchnicus
jonesia denitrificans
serratia odorifera
macrococcus caseolyticus
psychrobacter cryohalolentis
frankia asymbiotica
microvirga vignae
elizabethkingia genomosp
franconibacter helveticus
corynebacterium aurimucosum
prevotella buccae
photobacterium damselae
streptomyces halstedii
streptomyces achromogenes
streptomyces iakyrus
streptomyces flaveolus
streptomyces olivaceus
mycobacterium leprae
streptomyces vinaceus
planococcus donghaensis
paraburkholderia terrae
vibrio antiquarius
histophilus somni
oxalobacter formigenes
legionella longbeachae
tetrathiobacter kashmirensis
vibrio shilonii
methylomonas denitrificans
pyrodictium delaneyi
plautia stali
paraburkholderia xenovorans
paraburkholderia phytofirmans
mucilaginibacter gracilis
leeuwenhoekiella nanhaiensis
frondihabitans australicus
thiohalobacter thiocyanaticus
coriobacteriales bacterium
ichthyobacterium seriolicida
hartmannibacter diazotrophicus
aulosira laxa
sulfuricaulis limicola
sulfurifustis variabilis
marinifilaceae bacterium
microchaete diplosiphon
eggerthellaceae bacterium
polyangiaceae bacterium
anabaenopsis circularis
massilibacillus massiliensis
veillonellaceae bacterium
flaviflexus massiliensis
herbivorax saccincola
variibacter gotjawalensis
orrella dioscoreae
aurantimicrobium minutum
niameybacter massiliensis
rhizorhabdus dicambivorans
altibacter lentus
fenollaria timonensis
sphaerospermopsis kisseleviana
microcella alkaliphila
sphaerisporangium viridialbum
gordonibacter urolithinfaciens
intestinimonas massiliensis
kangiella profundi
fructobacillus tropaeoli
pseudodesulfovibrio profundus
fructobacillus ficulneus
tolypothrix tenuis
calothrix parasitica
calothrix brevissima
luteimonas abyssi
gemella asaccharolytica
microvirga ossetica
celeribacter manganoxidans
oceanobacillus damuensis
anaerococcus rubeinfantis
atopobium deltae
methanobacterium subterraneum
nonomuraea candida
nonomuraea kuesteri
peptoniphilus coxii
saccharopolyspora phatthalungensis
peptoniphilus phoceensis
haloarcula taiwanensis
mucilaginibacter gotjawali
actinoplanes liguriensis
caulobacter mirabilis
mariprofundus ferrinatatus
mariprofundus aestuarium
phaeobacter piscinae
erythrobacter seohaensis
erwinia teleogrylli
janthinobacterium svalbardensis
dickeya fangzhongdai
capnocytophaga stomatis
pectobacterium polaris
sphingobium hydrophobicum
novosphingobium fuchskuhlense
paracoccus zhejiangensis
agrobacterium bohemicum
pedobacter ginsengisoli
nostoc flagelliforme
nostoc carneum
halomonas utahensis
halomonas beimenensis
chryseobacterium camelliae
haemophilus massiliensis
synechococcus lividus
mycoplasma bovirhinis
paenibacillus ihumii
paenibacillus lautus
paenibacillus rubiinfantis
paenibacillus senegalomassiliensis
paenibacillus ihbetae
corynebacterium bouchesdurhonense
corynebacterium phoceense
legionella saoudiensis
clostridium neonatale
clostridium chauvoei
clostridium nigeriense
clostridium amazonitimonense
clostridium phoceensis
enterococcus pernyi
streptomyces thermotolerans
streptomyces flavovariabilis
streptomyces seoulensis
streptomyces cinnabarinus
streptomyces flavotricini
streptomyces peruviensis
streptomyces xanthophaeus
streptomyces bungoensis
streptomyces caeruleatus
streptomyces phaeopurpureus
streptomyces cellostaticus
streptomyces pseudovenezuelae
streptomyces yokosukanensis
streptomyces corchorusii
streptomyces olivochromogenes
streptomyces azureus
streptomyces lilacinus
streptomyces durhamensis
streptomyces violaceus
streptomyces speibonae
streptomyces specialis
streptomyces monomycini
streptomyces erythrochromogenes
streptomyces griseorubiginosus
streptomyces longwoodensis
streptomyces baarnensis
bacillus shacheensis
bacillus niameyensis
bacillus cellulasensis
bacillus testis
bacillus andreraoultii
brevibacterium frigoritolerans
bacillus gottheilii
bacillus mesonae
bacillus horneckiae
bacillus eiseniae
mycobacterium icosiumassiliensis
mycobacterium houstonense
mycobacterium interjectum
mycobacterium peregrinum
mycobacterium marseillense
mycobacterium shigaense
mycobacterium lepraemurium
mycobacterium stephanolepidis
staphylococcus nepalensis
bacillus pseudomycoides
gemmatimonas phototrophica
halocynthiibacter arcticus
corynebacterium flavescens
halothermobacillus malaysiensis
immundisolibacter cernigliae
erythrobacter atlanticus
paraburkholderia monticola
corynebacterium glaucum
paenibacillus bovis
andreesenia angusta
calidifontibacter indicus
amycolatopsis eurytherma
thiocapsa rosea
thermasporomyces composti
saccharothrix variisporea
actinomadura umbrina
terracoccus luteus
haloarcula quadrata
asanoa ferruginea
woeseiaceae bacterium
acidimicrobiaceae bacterium
magnetococcales bacterium
crocinitomicaceae bacterium
pacearchaeota archaeon
halieaceae bacterium
hahellaceae bacterium
ignavibacteriae bacterium
kiritimatiellaceae bacterium
ruminiclostridium thermosuccinogenes
acidiferrobacteraceae bacterium
unclassified candidate
kitasatospora cineracea
cryobacterium psychrophilum
luteococcus japonicus
agrococcus jenensis
bogoriella caseilytica
serratia glossinae
marmoricola aurantiacus
rhodococcus wratislaviensis
salana multivorans
osedax symbiont
bathymodiolus platifrons
myceligenerans xiligouense
georgenia muralis
xanthomonas dyei
enteractinococcus helveticum
actinocorallia herbida
planifilum yunnanense
planifilum caeni
planifilum composti
kroppenstedtia guangzhouensis
paludifilum halophilum
desmospora profundinema
laceyella sacchari
laceyella putida
laceyella thermophila
thermoactinomyces guangxiensis
thermoactinomyces intermedius
risungbinella pyongyangensis
geothermomicrobium terrae
hazenella coriacea
couchioplanes caeruleus
saccharothrix texasensis
dietzia maris
shewanella fodinae
serratia quinivorans
erwinia rhapontici
streptomyces ossamyceticus
acidomonas methanolica
paucimonas lemoignei
primorskyibacter sedentarius
faecalimonas umbilicata
varunaivibrio sulfuroxidans
allofrancisella inopinata
sulfuritortus calidifontis
muricomes intestini
pectinatus cerevisiiphilus
tepidibacillus fermentans
phytobacter diazotrophicus
anseongella ginsenosidimutans
geothermobacter ehrlichii
keratinibaculum paraultunense
pseudofulvimonas gallinarii
pseudodesulfovibrio indicus
fonticella tunisiensis
tepidimonas ignava
aquabacter spiritensis
paralcaligenes ureilyticus
tepidamorphus gemmatus
natranaerovirga pectinivora
melghiribacillus thermohalophilus
thiobaca trueperi
thermomonas haemolytica
alcanivorax borkumensis
alkalilimnicola ehrlichii
anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans
aquifex aeolicus
aromatoleum aromaticum
bacillus halodurans
carboxydothermus hydrogenoformans
chlamydophila caviae
chlamydophila felis
chlorobium chlorochromatii
chlorobium tepidum
dechloromonas aromatica
desulfotalea psychrophila
desulfovibrio alaskensis
ehrlichia canis
frankia alni
gloeobacter violaceus
hahella chejuensis
helicobacter acinonychis
helicobacter hepaticus
hyphomonas neptunium
magnetospirillum magneticum
mannheimia succiniciproducens
methanococcoides burtonii
methanospirillum hungatei
methylobacillus flagellatus
mycoplasma capricolum
natronomonas pharaonis
nitrobacter hamburgensis
nitrobacter winogradskyi
oceanobacillus iheyensis
pelodictyon luteolum
pseudomonas entomophila
psychrobacter arcticus
ralstonia eutropha
rhodoferax ferrireducens
rubrobacter xylanophilus
saccharophagus degradans
salinibacter ruber
shewanella oneidensis
ruegeria pomeroyi
sodalis glossinidius
sphingopyxis alaskensis
symbiobacterium thermophilum
synechococcus elongatus
syntrophus aciditrophicus
thermosynechococcus elongatus
thiomicrospira crunogena
sulfurimonas denitrificans
wolinella succinogenes
archaeoglobus fulgidus
haloarcula marismortui
methanocaldococcus jannaschii
methanosarcina acetivorans
pyrobaculum aerophilum
pyrococcus abyssi
sulfolobus tokodaii
thermococcus kodakarensis
thermoplasma acidophilum
blastopirellula marina
chlorobium ferrooxidans
desulfuromonas acetoxidans
ferroplasma acidarmanus
idiomarina baltica
leeuwenhoekiella blandensis
nitrococcus mobilis
oceanicola batsensis
oceanicola granulosus
bermanella marisrubri
neptuniibacter caesariensis
polaribacter irgensii
pseudoalteromonas tunicata
reinekea blandensis
roseovarius nubinhibens
marine gamma
acidothermus cellulolyticus
arthrobacter aurescens
buchnera aphidicola
chlorobium phaeobacteroides
gramella forsetii
halorhodospira halophila
marinobacter aquaeolei
mycobacterium vanbaalenii
pelobacter propionicus
polaromonas naphthalenivorans
psychromonas ingrahamii
pyrobaculum islandicum
syntrophobacter fumaroxidans
thermofilum pendens
verminephrobacter eiseniae
desulfotomaculum reducens
herminiimonas arsenicoxydans
methanocorpusculum labreanum
methanoculleus marisnigri
methylibium petroleiphilum
staphylothermus marinus
acidiphilium cryptum
caldicellulosiruptor saccharolyticus
geobacter uraniireducens
mycobacterium gilvum
novosphingobium aromaticivorans
pelotomaculum thermopropionicum
chlorobium phaeovibrioides
pyrobaculum arsenaticum
thermotoga petrophila
collinsella aerofaciens
sagittula stellata
actinobacillus succinogenes
alkaliphilus metalliredigens
methanoregula boonei
fervidobacterium nodosum
kineococcus radiotolerans
methanococcus vannielii
parvibaculum lavamentivorans
rickettsia akari
roseiflexus castenholzii
shewanella sediminis
pseudoflavonifractor capillosus
eubacterium ventriosum
ruminococcus obeum
ruminococcus torques
marinobacter algicola
plesiocystis pacifica
caminibacter mediatlanticus
lentisphaera araneosa
acaryochloris marina
alkaliphilus oremlandii
azorhizobium caulinodans
chloroflexus aurantiacus
deinococcus geothermalis
gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus
petrotoga mobilis
renibacterium salmoninarum
shewanella pealeana
thermotoga lettingae
faecalibacterium prausnitzii
coprococcus eutactus
oceanibulbus indolifex
clostridium leptum
kordia algicida
eubacterium dolichum
beijerinckia indica
heliobacterium modesticaldum
leptothrix cholodnii
opitutus terrae
shewanella halifaxensis
shewanella woodyi
thermoanaerobacter pseudethanolicus
thermoproteus neutrophilus
burkholderia graminis
clostridium spiroforme
endoriftia persephone
anaerofustis stercorihominis
clostridium ramosum
alistipes putredinis
anaerostipes caccae
gemmata obscuriglobus
anaerotruncus colihominis
burkholderia phymatum
burkholderia phytofirmans
cellvibrio japonicus
chlorobaculum parvum
chloroherpeton thalassium
erwinia tasmaniensis
geobacter bemidjiensis
geobacter lovleyi
leptospira biflexa
methylacidiphilum infernorum
mycoplasma arthritidis
natranaerobius thermophilus
pelodictyon phaeoclathratiforme
phenylobacterium zucineum
prosthecochloris aestuarii
bacteroides coprocola
chthoniobacter flavus
capnocytophaga sputigena
providencia rustigianii
collinsella stercoris
anaerococcus hydrogenalis
bacteroides pectinophilus
bacteroides plebeius
arthrospira maxima
clostridium hylemonae
eubacterium biforme
clostridium nexile
clostridium hiranonis
aliivibrio salmonicida
methanosphaerula palustris
chloroflexus aggregans
clostridium cellulolyticum
coprothermobacter proteolyticus
acidovorax ebreus
dictyoglomus thermophilum
dictyoglomus turgidum
halothermothrix orenii
methylobacterium chloromethanicum
methylobacterium nodulans
rhodocista centenaria
shewanella piezotolerans
thermococcus onnurineus
thermodesulfovibrio yellowstonii
thermomicrobium roseum
thioalkalivibrio sulfidophilus
acidobacterium capsulatum
beutenbergia cavernae
deinococcus deserti
desulfobacterium autotrophicum
gemmatimonas aurantiaca
nautilia profundicola
persephonella marina
sulfurihydrogenibium azorense
tolumonas auensis
corynebacterium lipophiloflavum
roseburia inulinivorans
campylobacter rectus
atopobium rimae
anaerococcus tetradius
corynebacterium accolens
shuttleworthia satelles
holdemania filiformis
oribacterium sinus
mobiluncus mulieris
catenibacterium mitsuokai
clostridium asparagiforme
capnocytophaga gingivalis
coprococcus comes
proteus penneri
porphyromonas endodontalis
dethiobacter alkaliphilus
catonella morbi
kingella oralis
desulfonatronospira thiodismutans
blautia hydrogenotrophica
eubacterium hallii
clostridium methylpentosum
corynebacterium matruchotii
helicobacter canadensis
acidimicrobium ferrooxidans
actinosynnema mirum
brachybacterium faecium
brucella microti
catenulispora acidiphila
chitinophaga pinensis
corynebacterium efficiens
cryptobacterium curtum
desulfohalobium retbaense
desulfomicrobium baculatum
desulfotomaculum acetoxidans
desulfovibrio salexigens
dyadobacter fermentans
eubacterium eligens
halomicrobium mukohataei
halorhabdus utahensis
hirschia baltica
kangiella koreensis
kosmotoga olearia
leptotrichia buccalis
methylovorus glucosetrophus
nakamurella multipartita
rickettsia africae
rickettsia peacockii
saccharomonospora viridis
slackia heliotrinireducens
thermococcus gammatolerans
thermococcus sibiricus
eubacterium saphenum
sulfurihydrogenibium yellowstonense
corynebacterium tuberculostearicum
streptomyces griseoflavus
selenomonas flueggei
weissella paramesenteroides
legionella drancourtii
streptomyces roseosporus
streptomyces ghanaensis
gemella haemolysans
pedosphaera parvula
fusobacterium gonidiaformans
granulicatella adiacens
prevotella bergensis
dialister invisus
butyrivibrio crossotus
slackia exigua
prevotella tannerae
aeromicrobium marinum
fusobacterium mortiferum
helicobacter winghamensis
fusobacterium varium
bacillus pseudofirmus
geodermatophilus obscurus
gordonia bronchialis
haliangium ochraceum
haloterrigena turkmenica
hydrogenobacter thermophilus
kribbella flavida
methanocaldococcus vulcanius
pirellula staleyi
robiginitalea biformata
sebaldella termitidis
sphaerobacter thermophilus
spirosoma linguale
streptosporangium roseum
sulfurospirillum deleyianum
thermobaculum terrenum
thermomonospora curvata
thermotoga naphthophila
allochromatium vinosum
aminobacterium colombiense
anabaena variabilis
arcobacter nitrofigilis
bacillus selenitireducens
kyrpidia tusciae
brachyspira murdochii
coraliomargarita akajimensis
deferribacter desulfuricans
denitrovibrio acetiphilus
desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus
erwinia pyrifoliae
ferroglobus placidus
leuconostoc kimchii
meiothermus silvanus
methanocaldococcus infernus
methanohalophilus mahii
mycoplasma crocodyli
nitrosococcus halophilus
planctomyces limnophilus
segniliparus rotundus
shewanella violacea
sideroxydans lithotrophicus
stackebrandtia nassauensis
staphylothermus hellenicus
syntrophothermus lipocalidus
thermincola potens
thermoanaerobacter italicus
thermoanaerobacter mathranii
thermobispora bispora
thermocrinis albus
truepera radiovictrix
tsukamurella paurometabola
zunongwangia profunda
brevibacterium mcbrellneri
bulleidia extructa
citromicrobium bathyomarinum
desulfovibrio carbinoliphilus
gluconacetobacter hansenii
megasphaera genomosp
mycobacterium parascrofulaceum
mycoplasma alligatoris
pyramidobacter piscolens
raphidiopsis brookii
turicibacter sanguinis
vibrio metschnikovii
granulicatella elegans
methylophaga thiooxydans
microcoleus chthonoplastes
scardovia inopinata
gamma proteobacterium
nostoc azollae
acetohalobium arabaticum
brevundimonas subvibrioides
caldicellulosiruptor obsidiansis
clostridium cellulovorans
clostridium saccharolyticum
dehalogenimonas lykanthroporepellens
desulfarculus baarsii
ferrimonas balearica
gallionella capsiferriformans
halomonas elongata
ignisphaera aggregans
methanohalobium evestigatum
methanoplanus petrolearius
methanothermobacter marburgensis
mobiluncus curtisii
mycoplasma fermentans
nitrosococcus watsoni
parvularcula bermudensis
spirochaeta smaragdinae
starkeya novella
sulfurimonas autotrophica
thermosediminibacter oceani
brucella inopinata
desulfovibrio fructosovorans
paenibacillus curdlanolyticus
peptoniphilus duerdenii
peptostreptococcus stomatis
bacteroidetes oral
anaerolinea thermophila
bacteroides helcogenes
bacteroides salanitronis
caldicellulosiruptor hydrothermalis
caldicellulosiruptor kronotskyensis
caldicellulosiruptor owensensis
calditerrivibrio nitroreducens
cellulophaga algicola
clostridium sticklandii
deinococcus maricopensis
deinococcus proteolyticus
desulfobulbus propionicus
desulfurispirillum indicum
desulfurobacterium thermolithotrophum
helicobacter felis
ilyobacter polytropus
isosphaera pallida
leadbetterella byssophila
leuconostoc gasicomitatum
marivirga tractuosa
mycoplasma leachii
nitratifractor salsuginis
oceanithermus profundus
paludibacter propionicigenes
pedobacter saltans
planctomyces brasiliensis
sulfuricurvum kujiense
syntrophobotulus glycolicus
thermaerobacter marianensis
thermoanaerobacter brockii
thermovibrio ammonificans
actinobacillus ureae
dialister microaerophilus
enterococcus italicus
faecalibacterium cf
gemella moribillum
helicobacter suis
kingella denitrificans
lautropia mirabilis
megasphaera micronuciformis
oscillochloris trichoides
paenibacillus vortex
peptoniphilus harei
prevotella multiformis
pseudoramibacter alactolyticus
streptococcus downei
streptococcus peroris
streptococcus vestibularis
succinatimonas hippei
vibrio brasiliensis
vibrio caribbenthicus
vibrio sinaloensis
alistipes shahii
clostridium cf
coprococcus catus
gordonibacter pamelaeae
halanaerobium praevalens
sphaerochaeta globosa
weeksella virosa
marinobacter adhaerens
acidianus hospitalis
acidiphilium multivorum
alicycliphilus denitrificans
amycolicicoccus subflavus
burkholderia rhizoxinica
chlamydophila pecorum
cellulosilyticum lentocellum
corynebacterium resistens
krokinobacter diaphorus
metallosphaera cuprina
methanosaeta concilii
methanothermococcus okinawensis
methanotorris igneus
microlunatus phosphovorus
myxococcus fulvus
rickettsia heilongjiangensis
simkania negevensis
thermoanaerobacterium xylanolyticum
thermoproteus uzoniensis
treponema azotonutricium
treponema paraluiscuniculi
francisella cf
thiomonas arsenitoxydans
asticcacaulis biprosthecum
acetonema longum
bacteroides fluxus
bradyrhizobiaceae bacterium
caldalkalibacillus thermarum
centipeda periodontii
corynebacterium bovis
dialister micraerophilus
dysgonomonas gadei
fructobacillus fructosus
gordonia neofelifaecis
haemophilus aegyptius
leuconostoc argentinum
leuconostoc fallax
leuconostoc inhae
methylophaga aminisulfidivorans
neisseria macacae
nocardioidaceae bacterium
paraprevotella xylaniphila
parasutterella excrementihominis
plautia crossota
streptococcus porcinus
streptomyces griseoaurantiacus
streptomyces tendae
streptomyces sanglieri
calescamantes bacterium
thermotoga elfii
thermodesulfovibrio aggregans
libanicoccus massiliensis
thermococcus pacificus
thermotoga princeii
methanopyrus kandleri
bifidobacterium minimum
brevinema andersonii
bifidobacterium dentium
helicobacter heilmannii
cellulomonas xylanilytica
cellulomonas chitinilytica
halorubrum litoreum
picrophilus oshimae
picrophilus torridus
cenarchaeum symbiosum
pyrococcus yayanosii
ehrlichia muris
ehrlichia chaffeensis
ehrlichia cf
ehrlichia mineirensis
streptomyces mexicanus
catenuloplanes niger
borrelia bissettii
borrelia afzelii
borrelia crocidurae
borrelia garinii
borrelia burgdorferi
borrelia coriaceae
borrelia parkeri
borrelia hermsii
borrelia spielmanii
borrelia miyamotoi
borrelia anserina
streptomyces ansochromogenes
borrelia hispanica
borrelia persica
borrelia valaisiana
borrelia japonica
holospora elegans
borrelia chilensis
thermoplasmatales archaebacterium
thiobacillus bacterium
pyropristinus bacterium
desulfurella amilsii
borrelia mayonii
borreliella afzelii
halomonadaceae bacterium
borreliella garinii
lactococcus fujiensis
desulfovibrio brasiliensis
flavobacteriia bacterium
pirellulaceae bacterium
unclassified bacteria
borrelia turicatae
baumannia cicadellinicola
neorickettsia sennetsu
campylobacter hominis
borrelia duttonii
borrelia recurrentis
neorickettsia risticii
anaplasma centrale
thermanaerovibrio acidaminovorans
helicobacter mustelae
natrialba asiatica
halapricum salinum
haloterrigena hispanica
vulcanisaeta souniana
ignicoccus hospitalis
archaeoglobus profundus
halorubrum kocurii
acholeplasma multilocale
entomoplasma lucivorax
methanomicrobium mobile
natranaerobiales bacterium
actinomyces coleocanis
methanobacterium congolense
methanothermus fervidus
mycoplasma haemocanis
mycoplasma suis
mycoplasma hyorhinis
mycoplasma pneumoniae
mycoplasma genitalium
mycoplasma gallisepticum
mycoplasma wenyonii
mycoplasma imitans
spiroplasma diminutum
mycoplasma parvum
mycoplasma testudinis
mycoplasma ovis
spiroplasma sabaudiense
spiroplasma culicicola
mycoplasma felis
mycoplasma alvi
mycoplasma pirum
ureaplasma canigenitalium
bifidobacterium angulatum
spiroplasma litorale
spiroplasma cantharicola
spiroplasma turonicum
mycoplasma testudineum
mycoplasma pulmonis
mycoplasma yeatsii
bifidobacterium boum
bifidobacterium bombi
streptococcus bacterium
cellulomonas persica
cellulomonas hominis
planctomycetales bacterium
saccharopolyspora pogona
mycoplasma penetrans
chlamydia gallinacea
streptomyces filamentosus
chlamydia pneumoniae
chlamydophila pneumoniae
epsilonproteobacteria endosymbiont
methanocaldococcus villosus
kineosporia mikuniensis
methanosaeta thermophila
chondromyces crocatus
spiroplasma melliferum
entomoplasma somnilux
spiroplasma mirum
entomoplasma melaleucae
spiroplasma atrichopogonis
mesoplasma tabanidae
spiroplasma citri
thermoplasmata archaeon
haloferax sulfurifontis
caldisphaera lagunensis
mycoplasma putrefaciens
thermoproteus tenax
desulfurococcus mobilis
mycoplasma ovipneumoniae
thermogladius cellulolyticus
mycoplasma flocculare
methylacidiphilum fumariolicum
entomoplasma luminosum
mesoplasma seiffertii
mycoplasma hyopneumoniae
mycoplasma elephantis
mesoplasma florum
thermotoga hypogea
mycoplasma bovoculi
mesoplasma photuris
mesoplasma grammopterae
mesoplasma syrphidae
mycoplasma agassizii
palaeococcus pacificus
bifidobacterium catenulatum
entomoplasma freundtii
chthoniobacterales bacterium
halobacterium jilantaiense
methylacidiphilum kamchatkense
mycoplasma dispar
methanococcoides vulcani
acidiplasma aeolicum
acidiplasma cupricumulans
spiroplasma kunkelii
propionibacterium cyclohexanicum
thermocladium modestius
thermogymnomonas acidicola
turneriella bacterium
methanoregulaceae archaeon
marine archaeal
thaumarchaeota archaea
methanomicrobia archaeon
pyrodictium occultum
pseudonocardia tetrahydrofuranoxydans
agromyces mediolanus
nocardioides nitrophenolicus
cellulomonas pakistanensis
persicobacter bacterium
nitrospina bacterium
acidianus manzaensis
